An argumentation should be seen as globally intelligible if it provides sufficient support for accepting the conclusion, i.e., if you believe that the reasons given by the author justify his/her position. notice that this notion of global intelligibility refers to the degree of sufficiency of the entire argumentation rather than to individual parts of the argumentation. how would you rate the global intelligibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is relevant if it focuses on the main issues of the debate and uses information from credible sources. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the
An argument lacks commitment if it does not express an opinion about the issue being discussed (e.g., a question) or if its opinion is vague or ambiguous. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
The task is to identify which of the two arguments below (argument a and argument b) is stronger.
Identify all statements in the given argumentative text which are subjective opinions of the author.
Argument conclusions are creative when they contain new ideas that are original or surprising. given the conclusions below: is conclusion b better than conclusion a in terms of creativity?
An argument is a personal incredulity if it dismisses something as false simply because it seems unbelievable. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a personal incredulity or not a personal incredulity
Extract the central claim from the following argumentative text and predict its stance (pro or con) with respect to the given topic.
An argument should be seen as well-structured if its premises are clearly distinguishable from each other and also from its conclusion, and if its overall structure is easy to understand. accordingly, try to adequately weight your judgments about the distinctness of the author’s premises, the distinctness of the author’s conclusion, and the ease of understanding the overall structure when judging about an argumentation’s global structure—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of the argumentation. how would you rate the structural quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if you would accept them in the given context. notice that there may be cases where some of the premises are more acceptable than others—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two sentences and their labels, decide whether they belong to the same argumentation structure
Consider the following arguments (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a has worse reasoning because it presents facts without explaining their relevance to the claim.
An argument is logical if it follows a clear and logical structure that supports its main claim or conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is logical or illogical.
A claim is toxic if it uses language that is derogatory towards the addressee or some third party. given the following claim and the topic of the debate the claim appeared in. decide whether the claim is toxic or not toxic
Given a debate topic and a sentence, classify the sentence as supporting or opposing the topic, or as non-argument.
An argument is inappropriate if it does not show commitment to the topic of the discussion (e.g., off-topic comments) for reasons that are not missing intelligibility or toxic emotions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is inappropriate due to missing commitment or not inappropriate due to missing commitment
Determine which of these statements is true: comment 1 attacks argument 2. comment 1 supports argument 2. comment 1 makes no use of argument 2.
Given two arguments a and b, determine which one provides more factual evidence to support their claims.
An argument has no meaningful content if its content does not contribute anything to the discussion of the given issue. for instance, this can happen when the stated arguments are irrelevant to the issue or when they do not support any stance with respect to the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has no meaningful content or does have meaningful content.
An argument is biased if it favors one perspective over another without acknowledging potential counterarguments or presenting both sides equally. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument is biased or is not biased.
Given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), determine whether there is a rhetorical relation between them.
Given a pair of arguments a and b, determine which one has better reasoning than the other.
A premise should be seen as acceptable if it can reasonably be believed by a person who knows about the subject matter, even though some people may disagree with the statement. notice that you may see premises as acceptable even though you do not personally accept all of them. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s premises on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments, decide which one is off topic or doesn't address the issue
Identify the ethos that establishes credibility in the given argument.
An argumentation should be seen as non-redundant if no unnecessary premises are used to support the argumentation’s conclusion. notice that it is not generally clear which and how many premises can be anticipated. there may be cases where it is unclear whether a certain premise is needed for supporting the conclusion. please judge about redundancy according to whether any main premises of an argumentation that you see appear redundant. how would you rate the redundancy of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Would you agree with the following statement:argument b is less convincing because it is poorly organized or doesn't make sense.
An argument is missing intelligibility if its words are misspelled or if it contains ungrammatical sentences that make understanding difficult. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
An argument has missing commitment if there are elements in the argument that make it difficult for the reader to identify who is responsible for the statement made. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
A premise can be seen as locally valid if it is logically connected to its conclusion. please judge about local validity according to whether the author’s premises are logically connected to their conclusions. how would you rate the local validity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments decide if they are similar or not based on their meaning.
An argumentation should be seen as deductively valid if the truth of its premises logically guarantees the truth of its conclusion. notice that logical validity is independent of the actual truth of the premises. also notice that the evaluation of logical validity requires knowledge of formal logic. how would you rate the deductive validity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as being globally acceptable if it is fair towards both sides of the given issue. this means that the argumentation should present the pros and cons of the issue in an objective manner, and should not try to manipulate the reader by using biased language or false information. how would you rate the degree of global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high
Does the comment contain information relevant to the topic? please judge according to whether there is at least some part of the comment that contributes something meaningful to the discussion. how would you rate the relevance of the comment on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing completeness if it does not contain all of the information necessary for readers to assess its validity and soundness. decide whether the argument lacks completeness or does not lack completeness
The following argument is not convincing because it has language issues, bad grammar, uses humor, jokes or sarcasm. please fix these problems and rephrase the argument so that it becomes more persuasive.
An argument is missing completeness if it leaves out important details or ignores alternative perspectives. decide whether the argument lacks completeness or does not lack completeness
In order to judge the quality of a proposition, we need to know whether it is relevant to the issue under discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is relevant or irrelevant.
Consider the following argument: "i am against raising taxes because it will hurt the economy." is this argument missing openness? that is, does it display an unwillingness to consider arguments with opposing viewpoints and assess them on their merits, instead simply rejecting them out of hand?
An argument is said to have slippery slope if it includes the claim that a relatively small first step leads to a chain of related events culminating in some significant effect. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has slippery slope or does not have slippery slope.
An argumentation should be seen as logically consistent if it does not contain any contradictions. please judge about logical consistency according to whether the author’s argumentation contains any obvious contradictions. how would you rate the logical consistency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The task is to determine which argument better responds to an initial post from another user. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is better response or worse response
An argument has irrelevant evidence if it includes information that is unrelated to the topic at hand. decide whether the argument has irrelevant evidence or does not have irrelevant evidence
Distinguish, whether the comment is personal regarding the discussed topic or not (not personal). the key question to answer is: does the author talk about personal experiences and/or feelings?
An argument has detrimental orthography if the language used in the argument undermines the credibility of the argument due to poor grammar, spelling errors, or other issues with the writing style. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography
Argument conclusions are clear when they make it easy for you to understand without doubts what the author argues for and how. the used language should be gramatically correct, widely unambiguous and avoid unnecessary complexity and deviation from the discussed issue. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of clarity?
The argument contains an appeal to pity fallacy if it tries to gain support by evoking feelings like sympathy, sadness, or guilt. for example: “my opponent wants to close down all homeless shelters. he should be ashamed of himself.” given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains appeal to pity fallacy or does not contain appeal to pity fallacy
Does the given clause belong to an argument? if so, is it part of the claim or the premise?
An argument is missing balance if it does not address the counter-arguments, or addresses them only in a very limited way. decide whether the argument lacks balance or does not lack balance
The style of an argumentation should be seen as respectful if it is not offensive or rude. it does not include any personal attacks against the author’s opponents and avoids using aggressive language such as swearing, hate speech or insults. how would you rate the respectfulness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments a and b, what type of reasoning (logos vs pathos) is used in each?
The false dilemma fallacy occurs when someone reduces the options available to only two (usually extreme) choices, when there are more realistic alternatives that should be considered. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses false dilemma or does not use false dilemma.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is more convincing because it highlights interdependence among nations required for effective international cooperation around shared goals related to sustainable development practices across borders.
An argument is consistent if there are no contradictions within itself nor between different parts of it. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is consistent or is inconsistent.
Given two arguments from the same debate topic, decide whether one argument contains more toxic emotion or not.
Given the following two arguments, decide whether argument a is more convincing because it has better structure, organization, clarity, coherence, or logical flow.
Read the two statements below. would you agree with the following statement?statement b is more convincing because it is more reliable, trustworthy, believable, credible, authoritative or cites sources.
Argument conclusions are persuasive if they effectively convince the reader to accept the position expressed in the conclusion. given the conclusion below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of persuasiveness?
An argument has faulty logic if one or more of its steps fail to follow valid rules of inference. decide whether the argument has faulty logic or does not have faulty logic
Is the argument tu quoque?
Decide whether the author’s argumentation can be considered to be well-structured or poorly structured. to make this decision, take into consideration aspects such as coherence, linearity, readability, comprehensibility, conciseness, focus, and structure. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument commits red herring fallacy if it introduces irrelevant material to the issue being discussed. for example: why do you think we should spend money on helping homeless people? i think we should help sick children instead. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits red herring fallacy or does not commit red herring fallacy
Given a question, stance (yes vs. no) towards this question and a premise, your task is to form a counterargument against the given stance using the given premise.
Given two arguments on a topic, decide which one has better sources.
Identify the most important point that can be inferred from the given argumentative text.
An ad hominem attack is defined here as any direct or indirect personal insult in an argumentative text. is there an ad hominem attack at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument has vagueness if its content is unclear due to imprecise wording or lack of specificity. decide whether the argument has vagueness or does not have vagueness
Identify the stance of each argument (pro or con).
An argument is missing sufficiency if the conclusion is not supported by sufficient evidence or reasoning, and the author does not provide enough information for the reader to understand why they should accept the conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
An argument commits the fallacy of red herring if it distracts from the issue under discussion by introducing irrelevant information. for example: “the senator’s claim that we need higher taxes cannot be true – he has been cheating on his wife”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits red herring fallacy or does not commit red herring fallacy.
Generate an argumentative essay for the following debate topic:
A premise is a statement in an argument that provides reason or support for the conclusion. the truth of the premises will often have a direct effect on the logical validity of the argument's conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains premises or no premises
An argumentation should be seen as sufficiently detailed if it provides enough information for you to understand all arguments and their interrelationships. if the author’s conclusion follows from his or her premises, then do not judge him or her to be not sufficiently detailed—unless you explicitly think that some crucial piece of information is missing. how would you rate the level of detail of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments, determine whether they have the same stance towards their common topic.
The relevance of an argument in relation to its claim can be judged by how much the argument’s premise contributes to supporting the claim. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The quality of an argumentation should be seen as good if its acceptability, appropriateness, and relevance are high. if you identified more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weigh the acceptability, appropriateness, and relevance of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” quality - unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. the quality of an argumentation should be seen as good if its acceptability, appropriateness, and relevance are high. if you identified more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weigh the acceptability, appropriateness, and relevance of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” quality—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the overall quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if its premises adequately support its conclusion insofar as no additional premise is required to make the inference from the premises to the conclusion valid. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The task is to identify all claims and premises in the given text.
For the following two statements, decide which of them is more convincing for you.
The quality of an argumentation depends on whether it presents relevant information for the issue under discussion and/or for the composed arguments. notice that this means that irrelevant information should be avoided. how would you rate the relevance of the information in the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is better organized, has a clearer structure or organization, has a clear line of reasoning, makes sense, is easier to follow, flows well, is coherent, easy to read or understand.
Given a pair of comments and the argument they are attacking, predict if these comments attack the same aspect of the argument.
Argument conclusions are well-grounded if they follow from premises and the premises are true or at least plausible. is the conclusion well-grounded?
An argument is missing tolerance if it refuses to accept views that differ from its own. decide whether the argument lacks tolerance or does not lack tolerance
The style of an argumentation should be seen as respectful if it uses language that does not insult anyone, even if they are opponents of the author’s view. how would you rate the respectfulness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments a and b that have different conclusions, determine which one is more convincing.
An appeal to emotion uses emotional appeals as deceptive tricks to win, derail, or end the discussion. is the following argument an appeal to emotion?
Toxic emotions are used to discredit an opponent’s character rather than their argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions or does not contain toxic emotions
Identify the type of fallacy that occurs in the text
You are given a stance toward a topic (yes or no) and a type of reasoning (logos or pathos). your task is to write a complete argumentative essay based on the given stance and type of reasoning
The "specificity" of an argument is defined as how specific it is in terms of the information provided to support a claim. how would you rate the specificity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate a series of counter-arguments that are logically valid.
The fallacy of false dichotomy occurs when an arguer limits consideration of alternatives to two unlikely extremes. for example: either we close all borders tomorrow, or we have completely open borders. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits false dichotomy fallacy or does not commit false dichotomy fallacy.
A fallacy is defined as an error in reasoning that does not conform to a valid rule of inference. is there a problematic fallacy at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Generate a persuasive essay that argues for or against a particular issue.
An argumentation should be seen as persuasive if its arguments convince the reader to adopt the author’s stance towards the discussed issue. notice that this criterion depends on the expected target audience. hence, an argumentation may be persuasive for some readers while it is not persuasive for others. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a claim and two possible reasons, select the reason that is most likely to be used in an argument supporting this particular claim. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
Given two claims, decide whether the first one contradicts the second one or not.
Identify the stance expressed in the following text towards the topic of gun control.
Identify the relevance of the given text to the current context.
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a solution proposal outlining specific steps that could be taken to address the problem identified by the claim.
An argument is missing commitment if the author of an argument does not commit to its conclusion. this may happen, for example, when the author states that he or she “does not know” whether the conclusion is true. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
A tautology is defined here as any adu whose truth value depends only on its form and not on external circumstances. is there a problematic tautological clause at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Read the text below and rate how much it supports the central claim on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
An argument should be seen as locally sufficient if every single inference step made within the argumentation can be justified. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether all steps of reasoning in the author’s argumentation can be justified. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing support if it fails to provide evidence for its conclusion or otherwise justify the reason given. decide whether the argument lacks support or does not lack support.
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if all parts of the text contribute to the development of the author’s stance on the issue, i.e., if there are no unrelated or redundant sentences that do not add anything to the author’s line of reasoning. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The relevance of an argumentation should be judged according to its appropriateness for the current discussion. for example, an argumentation may be globally acceptable but still irrelevant for the current discussion. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A false dilemma is a logical fallacy that presents two options as if they were the only possible choices available, even though there are other possibilities. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains a false dilemma or does not contain a false dilemma
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if it makes clear how its premises relate to its conclusion. please judge about global relevance according to whether you can follow the line of reasoning that leads from the author’s premises to their conclusion. how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if its arguments have enough supporting evidence and/or justification for their claims and assumptions. notice that sometimes authors use implicit or assumed evidence and/or justification, which may still be suitable to achieve persuasion. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is clear if its premises and conclusions are not ambiguous, i.e., can be understood in only one way. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity.
An argument is logically deceptive if the premises do not provide support for the conclusion, but only seem to do so. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
An argument is missing fairness if it fails to consider the strongest arguments from the other side or distorts opposing viewpoints. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argument is missing commitment if it fails to indicate explicitly or implicitly that the author really believes what he or she argues for. such failure may occur through hedging expressions such as “i think”, “in my opinion” etc., but also via modal verbs like “may”, “might” etc.. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Find all instances of an ad hominem attack in the following argumentative essay.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it provides clear evidence, sources, references, research, statistics, data, numbers, proof, quotations, quotes, citations, links, hyperlinks, web links, urls or web addresses.
Argument conclusions are serious when they are either not trolling others by suggesting (explicitly or implicitly) that the issue is not worthy of being discussed or contribute meaningfully to the discussion. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of seriousness?
An argument contains appeal to emotion if it tries to manipulate the audience’s emotions for acceptance without giving solid facts or reasons. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains appeal to emotion or does not contain appeal to emotion
Given a pair of arguments from two different documents, predict if they are members of the same topic.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it presents both sides equally well without favoring either side too much over another whereas argument b only focuses on one perspective at once making it seem biased towards certain viewpoints instead of presenting them fairly across different opinions held within society today as whole.
Decide if the following argument is a slippery slope
Are there any contradictions in the given text?
Classify the stance of the author towards the topic: "atheism" into one of three stances: for, against or other.
Given two arguments, decide which one is more likely to be convincing because it provides facts, support, credible evidence or a clear explanation.
An argument has offensive language if it uses profane, abusive, racist, sexist etc. terms. decide whether the argument has offensive language or does not have offensive language
The author uses toxic emotions to appeal to emotions that are deceptive or whose intensities do not provide room for critical evaluation of the topic by the reader.
An argument is missing relevance if the arguments do not address the topic of debate, are tangential or off-topic. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument has irrelevant information if it contains claims or premises that are unrelated to the topic of the debate or do not contribute to supporting or attacking the main claim. decide whether the argument has irrelevant information or does not have irrelevant information
Decide whether the given arguments are on the same side of the topic or not
An argument is repetitive if it repeats itself, either through repetition of words or sentences, or through stating something that was already said before. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is repetitive or not repetitive
An argument is missing commitment if the writer lacks conviction in what they say or does not take responsibility for their words. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not.
The quality of reasoning refers to how well the premises support the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. how would you rate the reasoning quality of the given argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Determine the type of logical fallacy in the given text.
Missing intelligibility: an argument is unintelligible if it is difficult for humans to understand what the author means due to confusing language use. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is unintelligible or not unintelligible
Determine if the author’s argumentation is free of logical fallacies on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing soundness if it relies on false premises. decide whether the argument lacks soundness or does not lack soundness
An argument is missing fairness if it fails to consider all aspects of an issue fairly and/or presents only one side of an argument without considering alternative perspectives. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argument is valid if it follows a logical structure where all premises lead to the conclusion without any contradictions or gaps in reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is valid or is invalid
An argument has faulty reasoning if it contains a logical fallacy (e.g., circular reasoning) or if its premises are not logically connected in the way they should be to warrant the conclusion. decide whether the argument has faulty reasoning or does not have faulty reasoning
An argument has a good structure if its components (claims and premises) seem to be connected logically, such that they provide sufficient support for the conclusion of the argument. decide whether the argument has good structure or does not have good structure
An argument lacks commitment if the speaker does not commit to their own point of view, but instead states that they have no opinion about the issue being debated. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument is missing relevance if one or more of its premises do not relate to the conclusion at all, or do so only in a superficial way. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Argument conclusions are sufficiently supported if the premise provides sufficient evidence or reason to accept the conclusion. is the conclusion sufficiently supported?
Is the statement from question 8 an argument?
An argument is missing logical coherence if it contains contradictory statements or illogical reasoning. for instance, if two premises contradict each other or if the conclusion contradicts one of the premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks logical coherence or does not lack logical coherence
An argument is missing premises if the conclusion does not follow from the given premise(s). decide whether the argument lacks premise or does not lack premise
An argument has unclear contribution if its relation to the issue under discussion is unclear because it lacks explicit reference to the issue, relevant aspects of the issue, or previous arguments on the same side. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has unclear contribution or does not have unclear contribution
Given two sentences from an online debate forum, predict whether they are part of the same argument or not
Given an issue and two arguments on that issue, decide which of the two arguments is more convincing
Does the comment contain an argument?
The fallacy of false analogy occurs when a premise compares an object, person, or event to something else that does not have enough in common with the first thing for the comparison to be valid. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has false analogy or does not have false analogy
Argument vocabulary refers to the word choice of an essay. an essay with a high argument vocabulary score uses appropriate words throughout and would convince most readers of its appropriateness. score the argument vocabulary of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (the words used in the essay are inappropriate) 1.5 2.0 (the words used in the essay are sometimes inappropriate) 2.5 3.0 (the words used in the essay are generally appropriate) 3.5 4.0 (the words used in the essay are always appropriate)
An argument is misleading if it presents false or inaccurate information or misrepresents the issue being debated. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is misleading or is not misleading
An argument is inappropriate if it is missing commitment, i.e. it doesn’t state an opinion, such as questions, requests, etc. decide whether the argument is inappropriate due to missing commitment or not inappropriate due to missing commitment
An argument is missing credibility if it does not support the creation of credibility of its author. this can happen by conveying wrong information, by making use of untrustworthy sources, by revealing a lack of knowledge or expertise, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
Does the author’s argumentation provide any arguments that are worthy of being considered within the discussion of the issue? if yes, how would you rate their quality on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is fallacious if it uses a faulty or deceptive inference to reach its conclusion. is there a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Identify the argumentation schemes that appear in the following text.
Given a claim, decide whether it is relevant to the topic of discussion or not.
An argument has insufficient originality if it relies too heavily on previously made arguments and/or fails to contribute any new insights or perspectives to the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient originality or does not have insufficient originality
An argument is well-formed if it contains premises, conclusion and/or other components of argumentation (e.g., assumptions) as well as if its structure supports easy understanding. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well-formed or not well-formed
Given a short text and two argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether the two adus are connected by any argumentative relation (e.g. support or attack) and, if so, what type of relation it is and what type of reasoning it uses.
A claim commits circular reasoning if it uses itself as evidence to support its conclusion without providing any additional justification or supporting evidence. for example: “god exists because the bible says so, and the bible is true because god wrote it”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits circular reasoning fallacy or does not commit
Given a set of arguments, determine whether they are consistent with each other or not.
An argumentation should be seen as sufficiently intelligible if it uses language that is appropriate for the intended audience. this means that it should avoid using jargon, technical terms, complex sentences, etc. unless they are necessary to convey the message. how would you rate the intelligibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is unintelligible if its meaning cannot be understood due to vagueness, ambiguity, contradictions, lack of context, poor wording, technical jargon, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing intelligibility or not missing intelligibility
Identify all claims and their corresponding reasons/premises in the given argumentative text.
Given two claims that are part of a larger argument, decide whether they support each other or not.
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, generate a new adu that fills the gap indicated with "<mask>".
Given a claim and two rebuttals, determine which rebuttal is stronger (rebuttal 1 or rebuttal 2).
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it contributes to the resolution of the given issue in a way that is generally considered to be appropriate within the discussion of the issue. for example, you should consider an argumentation to be unacceptable if it contains offensive language or insults. however, note that controversial views may still be acceptable. also, do not judge acceptability based on whether you personally agree with the author’s point of view but rather whether the author expresses his/her opinion in an appropriate way. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is incomprehensible if it cannot be understood because of bad grammar, spelling errors, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is comprehensible or incomprehensible.
An argument has offensive language if the words used in the argument are abusive or insulting to other people and groups. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is offensive or not offensive.
Is the argument an attack on a person or group?
An argumentation should be seen as successful in creating vividness if it conveys arguments and other information in a way that makes the author’s point of view clear, e.g., by making use of examples or analogies. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in creating vividness on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A fallacious argument is one that is logically invalid but which appears valid or to be persuasive due to emotional factors or propaganda devices or other such misleading irrelevancies. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks fallacy or does not lack fallacy
An argument is missing reasonableness if it is either not taking into account all the relevant evidence or does not consider alternative viewpoints. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks reasonableness or does not lack reasonableness
Your task is to rewrite the given argument such that it improves in terms of text quality and/or argument quality, while preserving the meaning as far as possible. note that you do not need to change the stance (for/against) towards the topic.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it follows commonly accepted norms of rational discourse, i.e., if it avoids logical fallacies, ad hominem attacks, straw man arguments, begging the question etc.. you should also consider whether there are any other violations of common standards of civil debate such as offensive language or personal insults. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments for or against a certain issue, determine which one is stronger (more convincing).
Which sentence best summarizes the main claim of the following text?
An argument is inappropriate due to missing intelligibility if the reader cannot understand what the writer is trying to say because the text contains too many grammatical errors or is poorly written. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is inappropriate due to missing intelligibility or not inappropriate due to missing intelligibility
Given the following two argumentative discourse units, determine whether the segment expresses a direct attack on another argument or not.
An argumentation should be seen as globally adequate if it is based on premises that are acceptable for a rational audience, i.e., an audience that is open to all arguments and information relevant to the issue under discussion. notice that you need not agree with these premises in order to judge them as being acceptable. rather, the question is whether they could be accepted by such a rational audience. how would you rate the global adequacy of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as well-reasoned if it provides good reasons for its conclusion. that is, the arguments should support the conclusion without being too weak. further, notice that an argumentation may be well-reasoned even though you disagree with some of its arguments or the conclusion. how would you rate the reasoning quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument commits burden of proof fallacy when it shifts the responsibility of providing evidence from the person making the claim to the person doubting it. for example: “i’m right until you prove me wrong.” given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits burden of proof fallacy or does not commit burden of proof fallacy
The style of an argumentation should be seen as persuasive if it uses language that makes its claims seem convincing and trustworthy. this includes using appropriate rhetorical devices such as metaphors, analogies, examples, etc., but also avoiding overly emotional or biased language. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is detrimental content if it contains profanity, offensive language, personal attacks, threats, spam, advertisements, irrelevant comments, or off-topic remarks. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental content or does not have detrimental content
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative essay opposing both sides of the debate.
An argument is a black-or-white if it presents only two extreme options when there are other reasonable choices available. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a black-or-white or not a black-or-white
Given a pair of argumentative discourse units (adus), decide whether the two adus are connected by any argumentative relation.
The author’s use of language is coherent if he or she uses appropriate words for his or her audience, writes grammatically correct sentences, does not use overly complex vocabulary and avoids redundancy. how would you rate the coherence of the author’s use of language on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
You are given two arguments a and b. your task is to decide which argument is more convincing than the other, or neither.
An argument has insufficient elaboration if it provides too few details to be convincing. decide whether the argument has insufficient elaboration or does not have insufficient elaboration
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if all premises of its arguments are adequately supported, i.e., if they are not left unbacked and if there is no need to further support them in order to accept the conclusion. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether you think that all premises have been sufficiently backed. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two claims below (claim 1 and claim 2). would you agree with the following statement?claim 1 is better because it is more persuasive.
Given a topic and a position with respect to this topic, generate an argumentative essay defending this position.
An enthymeme is defined here as any missing argumentative discourse unit (adu) that would complete the logic of a written argument. given as input an argumentative claim along with context information on the debate, decide whether the argument contains an enthymematic gap
An argument is missing clarity when its conclusion does not follow from the premises, or there is insufficient information about one of the claims in the argument. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
Consider the following arguments and decide whether they are relevant or not.
Given a debate topic, write an argumentative text that argues for or against the given topic.
Given two arguments on a topic, determine which one of the following statements best describes their relationship (same side, opposite sides, unrelated).
A good argument should be seen as globally acceptable if it uses appropriate language for the audience and context in which it appears. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a debate topic and an argument, identify the claim of the argument.
Identify the stance of the given argument towards the topic: agree, disagree, discuss, unrelated
The sufficiency of an argument is the degree to which its premises provide sufficient justification for accepting its conclusion as true. how would you rate the sufficiency of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is tu quoque if it responds to criticism by pointing out flaws in the criticizer's own behavior. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has tu quoque or does not have tu quoque.
Arguments have good structure when they follow standard patterns such as deductive reasoning, inductive reasoning, analogical reasoning, causal reasoning, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has good structure or does not have good structure
Identify whether the comment is relevant for the topic or not (irrelevant). the key question to answer is: is the author’s opinion related to the topic under discussion?
Given a premise and conclusion, decide whether they belong to the same argument.
An argument is biased if it unfairly presents information in a way that manipulates emotions, often by leaving out pertinent facts or distorting the truth. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is biased or unbiased
The appeal to authority fallacy occurs when someone claims that something must be true simply because some expert said so; however, experts can sometimes get things wrong too! given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument appeals to authority or does not appeal to authority.
An argument contains deceptive tricks if it uses rhetorical techniques that are intended to manipulate or deceive the audience. decide whether the argument contains deceptive tricks or does not contain deceptive tricks
Identify whether the comment contains a fallacy (fallacious or non-fallacious). the key question to answer is: does the author use false reasoning in order to convince us about his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic?
A key point is a concise summary of the essential information contained in an argument. does the following key point match the given argument?
A toxic emotion is any kind of emotional outburst that can have a negative effect on the person experiencing it as well as those around them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotion or does not have toxic emotion
The relevance of an argumentation should be seen as high if it deals directly with the topic at hand and does not introduce irrelevant information. it is important that the argumentation provides reasons that are closely related to the main thesis and contribute to supporting it. when assessing the relevance, pay attention to whether all parts of the argumentation relate to the central idea and do not deviate from it. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a set of beliefs, generate an argumentative claim that is likely to be accepted by the target audience.
Given the following argument clause and its context, determine if it is a premise.
An argument is missing relevance if it does not contribute meaningfully to the discussion of the issue. given the following argument and the topic
Given a claim and a set of warrants, select all the correct warrants that explain reasoning of this particular claim. there are four options given and multiple answers are possible.
An argument appeals to emotion when it attempts to manipulate an emotional response in place of evidence for why its conclusion should be accepted. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument appeals to emotion or does not appeal to emotion
An argumentation should be seen as comprehensive if it considers all relevant aspects of the discussed issue and if it addresses counterarguments in a reasonable way. how would you rate the comprehensiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is inappropriate if it contains severe orthographic errors or for reasons that are irrelevant for assessing its quality as an argument. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
An argument can be seen as relevant if it contributes to the acceptance or rejection of the conclusion of the overall discussion. how would you rate the relevance of this comment on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as well-grounded if it is based on solid evidence, reliable sources, and/or reasonable assumptions. notice that the given setting (online debate forum) may not require a high level of grounding. how would you rate the groundness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument lacks commitment if its content expresses a lack of conviction about the issue or does not explicitly take a stance on the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Are the following two adus connected by any argumentative relation (support/attack)?
An argument is seen as globally sufficient if it adequately supports its conclusion. please judge about global sufficiency according to how well you think the author’s argumentation supports its conclusion (or, in case of more than one argument, the conclusions). how would you rate the global sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following two argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether adu1 is a premise and adu2 is a claim, or vice versa.
Identify the supporting claims of the given text.
An argumentation should be seen as well-grounded if it provides sufficient reasons and evidence to support its conclusion. a good reason or evidence for the conclusion is an explicit premise that supports the conclusion in a way that you are convinced of the truthfulness of the conclusion when assuming the truthfulness of the premise. how would you rate the grounding of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a premise and its corresponding conclusion, decide whether the reasoning is valid or not.
A premise should be seen as acceptable if it can reasonably be taken for granted without any further justification. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s premises on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)? please notice that you should only judge about the acceptability of the premises, not about the strength of the argument itself.
Given two opposing claims from different sides of a controversial topic, generate an argumentative claim tailored to bridge the gap between the two sides.
A claim is unverifiable if it cannot be proven to be true or false by means of factual evidence. given the following claim and the topic of the debate the claim appeared in. decide whether the claim is verifiable or not verifiable
An argumentation should be seen as comprehensible if its parts are clearly distinguishable, i.e., if it is clear which part of the text presents the issue, which part argues for or against something, and which part concludes about the discussed topic. also take into consideration whether the author’s stance on the discussed issue is clear. how would you rate the comprehensibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is factually deceptive if the facts presented are false, incorrect, outdated, or manipulated. decide whether the argument is factually deceptive or not factually deceptive
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if they are generally accepted by most people in the society where the debate takes place, i.e., they do not require any special knowledge on the part of the reader to understand them. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as logically sound if it provides sufficient justification for accepting the conclusion based on the premises provided. in other words, there should be no obvious logical errors or fallacies present in the argument. how would you rate the logical soundness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argument, find the stance of its author towards the issue: pro/con/other
Determine whether two given adus are connected by any argumentative relation.
Find the sentences containing claims in the given argumentative text.
An argument lacks reasonableness if the author fails to take into account relevant information that is available in the situation at hand or when he/she uses invalid reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks reasonableness or does not lack reasonableness
An enthymeme is defined here as any missing argumentative discourse unit (adu) that would complete the logic of a written argument. given the following argument and topic, decide whether the argument contains a problematic enthymematic gap or does not contain a problematic enthymematic gap
An argument is missing intelligibility if it is incomprehensible, self-contradictory, or obviously false, or if it has no relation to the subject matter. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
An argument is deceptive if the author misrepresents a source by taking its words out of context or using them in a way that contradicts the original meaning. decide whether the argument is deceptive or not deceptive
Determine whether these two arguments are on the same side of the issue or not (same-side/different-sides)
Given a topic and two arguments that are in favor of the topic, decide whether they support each other or not. choose one of the following options: different topic/can’t decide (dtorcd): either one or both of the sentences belong to a topic different than the given one, or you can’t understand one or both sentences. if you choose this option, you need to very briefly explain, why you chose it (e.g.“the second sentence is not grammatical”, “the first sentence is from a different topic” etc.). no support (ns): the two arguments do not support each other. partial support (ps): the two arguments partially support each other, e.g. one argument supports only part of the other, or their central messages overlap only partly. full support (fs): the two arguments fully support each other.
Argument conclusions are relevant when they are related to the premises in such a way that they can be inferred from them by logical means. is the conclusion relevant?
An argument contains rhetorical flaws if it uses fallacies or other forms of deceptive reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains rhetorical flaws or does not contain rhetorical flaws
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it has better logic, reasoning, explanations, a better structure, makes sense, has better organization, is clearer, easier to understand, is shorter, more concise, more precise, more direct, or uses better rhetoric.
Does the given argument have a rebuttal?
Compare two arguments with respect to their quality and determine which one is better (argument 1 or argument 2).
Consider the following statements (statement 1 and statement 2). would you agree with the following statement?statement 1 is more convincing than statement 2 because it provides evidence for its claim.
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument shows missing commitment or not. missing commitment means that the author does not show enough commitment towards his/her own point of view.
An argument is missing clarity if the argumentative discourse units (adus) are not clearly identifiable. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
The author’s argumentation contains premises that are acceptable to you as true or plausible. how would you rate the acceptability of these premises on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is lacking clarity if it fails to make clear what position is taken by its author, which reasons are put forward for this position, or how these reasons relate to each other. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
Identify the stance taken in the given text towards the given controversial topic.
An argumentation should be seen as objective if it avoids personal biases and prejudices and takes into account all relevant aspects of the discussed issue. it should be seen as not objective if rather the opposite holds. how would you rate the objectivity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
This task aims to evaluate whether the given review can be considered as constructive feedback, i.e., does it help improve the product being reviewed? score the helpfulness of the following review on a scale from 0 (lowest) to 4 (highest).
Given two arguments that address different aspects of a topic, decide whether their claims are conflicting or compatible.
An argument should be seen as relevant if it directly addresses the topic that is discussed. if it does not address the topic or shifts the discussion towards another issue, then it lacks relevance. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
The purpose of an argumentative discussion is that participants express their opinion about a controversial issue and provide arguments for it. in this context, we say that an argumentation makes a contribution if it supports its author’s position with respect to the discussed issue. it should be seen as making no contribution if rather the opposite holds. notice that you should judge only about the relevance of the argumentation to the author’s position, but you should not decide whether the author’s position is convincing. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in making a contribution on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Does the given counter-argument respond to the original argument?
Given the following claim and two possible reasons for this claim, choose which reason is more convincing.
Given the following argument and its topic, identify which of the two sentences is more likely to be a claim.
You are given a question, stance towards this question and an argument supporting the given stance. your task is to form a rebuttal for the given argument that supports the opposite stance.
A supporting reason is valid if it follows from the premise, meaning a logical inference links the premise to the reason. is the supporting reason valid?
Consider the following question and stance towards this question. your task is to form a persuasive argument toward the question that supports the given stance. try to make your argument sound reasonable but avoid using too many details so that your argument remains general.
Argument conclusions are generalizable when they can be applied to similar situations beyond the specific case discussed in the argument. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of generalizability?
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if all its individual arguments can be considered as acceptable by someone who accepts the author’s stance. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is not missing commitment if it contains a clear statement of position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument does not have missing commitment or has missing commitment
Argument conclusions are appropriate when they address the topic of the debate and are relevant to the premise. is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of appropriateness?
An argumentation should be seen as effective if it achieves to persuade you of the author’s stance on the discussed issue or—in case you already agreed with the stance before—if it corroborates your agreement with the stance. besides the actual arguments, also take into consideration
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it oversimplifies complex issues by presenting them as black-and-white choices when there might be multiple shades of gray involved.
A counterargument is defined here as any discourse unit that opposes the main conclusion of the text. is there a problematic counterargument at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument can be seen as strong when it is cogent and persuasive. accordingly, if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weight their cogency and persuasiveness when judging about the “aggregate” strength of the author’s argumentation—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of an argument or unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the strength of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is non-persuasive if its content does not provide sufficient information for readers to accept its conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is non-persuasive or not non-persuasive
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it is logically coherent or not (coherent or incoherent).
The language style of an argument should be seen as emotional if it uses emotionally loaded words or phrases, for example swear words, offensive statements, extreme formulations etc. how would you rate the emotionality of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing premise if its conclusion does not follow from its premises, i.e., there are missing premises that need to be assumed for the argument to hold. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks premise or does not lack premise
The following arguments are from two sides of a debate. which one is more convincing?
Given two arguments and a claim (conclusion), determine which of the two arguments better supports the given claim.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it is in line with your moral values and ethical principles or—if you do not have any such norms—whether you can imagine that there are people who could accept it. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The task of claim generation is to generate claims for a given topic. generate multiple claims on the given topic and provide the stance of each claim towards the topic.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it can be accepted from the perspective of everyone from the expected target audience. the expected target audience is usually specified implicitly through the context of the given setting. in our case, the expected target audience consists of people who are interested in debating issues online. you should be open to see an argumentation as acceptable even if it does not match your stance on the given issue. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information can be accepted from the perspective of everyone from the expected target audience. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The persuasiveness of an argumentative text can be measured by how much the reader agrees with the main thesis after reading the argumentative text compared to before reading the argumentative text. score the persuasiveness of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not make a persuasive argument for its thesis) 1.5 2.0 (essay makes a somewhat persuasive argument for its thesis) 2.5 3.0 (essay makes a fairly persuasive argument for its thesis) 3.5 4.0 (essay makes a very persuasive argument for its thesis)
Argument conclusions are specific when they contain concrete information and/or make claims about specific entities and/or events instead of general ones. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of specificity?
Given the following topic, stance and type of reasoning (logos vs pathos), write an argument that supports the given stance based on the type of reasoning provided.
An argument is toxic emotions if it is inappropriate because it displays toxicity through emotion words such as anger, disgust, fear, joy, sadness, surprise, trust. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic emotions or not toxic emotions
An argumentation should be seen as clear if its parts can easily be identified and understood. for instance, the issue under discussion, the stance taken, the reasons provided, and the conclusion drawn from them should be easy to identify. furthermore, the meaning of the words used should be clear and unambiguous. in some cases, however, ambiguity may be intended (e.g., rhetorical questions). how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are well-structured when they contain premise-related content in a way that is easy to read and understand, i.e., their structure is clear and coherent. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of structure?
An argument is detrimental structure if it is poorly structured, making it difficult to follow the author’s line of reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental structure or does not have detrimental structure
An argument is missing commitment if it contains words that show a lack of certainty about its claims. these are typically modal verbs such as "could", "might" or adverbs like "possibly". given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Given an argumentative text, rewrite it so that it improves in terms of readability but preserves the meaning as far as possible.
A backing is additional information used to support a premise. it can include facts, statistics, expert opinions, etc. how would you rate the quality of this backing on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as convincing if it contains good arguments for the author’s stance on the discussed issue, i.e., if it provides reasons that seem correct to you and that support the stance in a sufficient way. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a pair of arguments, predict whether they are for the same side (pro/con) of a topic.
Given an argument, decide whether this argument is inappropriate due to severe orthographic errors or for reasons that are not toxic emotions, missing commitment or missing intelligibility.
The first sentence in this post is not relevant to the discussion at hand because it does not discuss the issue, but derails the discussion implicitly towards a related issue or shifts completely towards a different issue. an argument is missing relevance if it does not discuss the issue, but derails the discussion implicitly towards a related issue or shifts completely towards a different issue. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it has logical fallacies, such as straw man, false dilemma, slippery slope, ad hominem, red herring, etc.
An argument is missing fairness if it does not accurately represent opposing views and misrepresents them by either exaggerating or distorting them. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
The following two claims have been generated for an argument on the same topic. which claim is better?claim 1: claim 2:
An argument is convincing if the premises are acceptable and locally relevant and if the conclusion follows from the premises. how would you rate the convincingness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments, decide whether they share the same stance on a given topic (same stance or different stance).
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it is written in a polite manner (polite or impolite).
An argument should be seen as sufficiently specific if it is not too vague or general so that you can reasonably understand what exactly the author means with his/her premises and conclusion. how would you rate the specificity of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is not well-grounded if its premises do not have credible sources or are not generally accepted. for example, “a recent study shows that raising the minimum wage will increase unemployment.” is ill-grounded because no source is provided for the study. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument lacks well-groundedness or does not lack well-groundedness
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is better structured, clearer, easier to follow, shorter, simpler, more focused, more concise, less repetitive, uses fewer words or is more organized.
The following sentence contains an argument. identify the conclusion of the argument.
An argument has irrelevant premises if some of its premises are unrelated to its claim. decide whether the argument has irrelevant premises or relevant premises.
Given two claims from different documents, determine whether they are similar or not.
An argument is fallacious when it contains a mistake in reasoning that leads to an invalid conclusion. this can include errors such as false assumptions, circular logic, or ad hominem attacks. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has fallacies or does not have fallacies.
Is this argument a claim or a premise?
In the following argument, which part is the premise?
Argumentation mining aims at automatically identifying argumentative structures in unstructured texts. this includes the identification of argument components such as claims and premises, as well as their interrelations. given a pair of sentences coming from the same document, predict if they are members of the same argument or not.
An argument is appropriate if it shows commitment towards the claim being made by providing supporting evidence or explanations for why this particular claim should be accepted over others. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is appropriate or inappropriate.
An argumentation should be seen as successful in creating credibility if it conveys arguments and other information in a way that makes the author worthy of credence, e.g., by indicating the honesty of the author or by revealing the author’s knowledge or expertise regarding the discussed issue. it should be seen
Given the following argument, determine which of the two marked sentences are irrelevant for the argument’s conclusion.
An argument has detrimental orthography if it contains spelling mistakes, grammatical errors, non-standard capitalization or punctuation, or similar issues. this includes but is not limited to: - spelling mistakes like “the” instead of “they”. - grammatical errors like “i am agrees” instead of “i agree”. - non-standard capitalization like “this is a sentence.”. - punctuation issues like “i dont know why i love this product so much!!” .given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it lacks commitment to a position, does not take a stance on the issue at hand or is non-committal.
An argument is missing commitment if it is off-topic due to shifting the topic to something else (e.g., other issues), irrelevant (e.g., general statements without connection to the topic) or vague (e.g., lacking details necessary for understanding the point made). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Produce a short text that argues for or against the following claim: "the electoral college system should be abolished."
Argument premises are novel when they contain content that is not already known to the reader. given the arguments below: is premise a better than premise b in terms of novelty?
Extract all claims made by the author of the following argumentative text.
An argument is offensive due to reasons other than toxic emotions, missing commitment or intelligibility if the argument uses a rude tone towards the opponent in the debate, but does not involve any of the previous three reasons for offensiveness. decide whether the argument is offensive due to reasons other than toxic emotions, missing commitment or intelligibility or is not offensive due to reasons other than toxic emotions, missing commitment or intelligibility
Argument conclusions are concise when they express their main points clearly and efficiently without unnecessary words or repetition. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of conciseness?
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate premises that support the claim.
Identify the premises that are used to support the conclusion in the given argumentative text.
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b), decide whether the following statement holds true or not: argument a is more convincing because it contains stronger premises than argument b.
Determine whether the given argument is circular reasoning or not. circular reasoning refers to arguments in which the conclusion is included in the premises. for example, "x is true because x". given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
A key point can be seen as a concise summary of a large collection of arguments on a given topic. given the following key point and the topic of the debate it appears in, decide whether the key point is relevant or irrelevant for the topic.
An argument is missing common sense if it violates basic principles of human reasoning such as the principle of non-contradiction (i.e., nothing can both have and not have a property at the same time in the same respect) or the principle of sufficient reason (i.e., everything has a reason or cause). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks common sense or does not lack common sense
A good argument should be supported by strong reasons. the strength of a reason depends on how relevant it is to the claim and how credible the source of the reason is. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is strongly supported or weakly supported.
An argument has vague wording if it contains words or phrases that are unclear, ambiguous, or imprecise, making it difficult to understand what is being said. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has vague wording or does not have vague wording
Is the argument effective and powerful?
Distinguish whether the comment is unclear regarding the discussed topic or not (clear). the key question to answer is: can we easily understand what the author means?
Given a topic and a belief, generate an argumentative claim that is consistent with the belief.
Given an argumentation and its topic, determine whether the following statement is true or false: argument a is more convincing because it has better credibility, reliability or confidence.
Identify the argumentative sentences in the essay.
An argumentation should be seen as acceptable if all statements and assumptions contained therein are plausible and justified. it should be possible to understand why the author has made certain claims and adopted certain positions. the argumentation may contain controversial views, but such views must be clearly motivated. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
In argumentation theory, a claim is defined as the main point of an argument. identify the claim in the given argumentative text.
An argument is toxic if it includes insulting words (e.g., moron), offensive language (e.g., f*ck) or profanity (e.g., god d*mmit). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions or does not contain toxic emotions
An argument is respectful if participants show consideration towards each other even when they disagree strongly about certain issues. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is respectful or is disrespectful.
Given two arguments with their respective conclusions, determine if they have same conclusion or not.
The following two arguments both use the same claim to support their respective conclusions. which of the two arguments is more convincing?
A slippery slope argument assumes that a small step will inevitably lead to a much larger chain of events with undesirable consequences. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a slippery slope argument or not a slippery slope argument
Produce a short text that supports the claim made in the previous paragraph.
An argument should be seen as locally relevant if its premises (or some subset thereof) provide evidence for the conclusion such that they cannot be omitted without weakening the argument. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as logically valid if its structure follows the rules of formal logic. notice that an argumentation may still be logically invalid even though its premises are true and its conclusion is false. how would you rate the logical validity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a question, stance (yes vs. no) towards this question and an argumentative discourse unit (adu). is there a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the adu?
An argument has irrelevant reasoning if its rationale is not relevant to the issue at hand, such that it does not contribute to a discussion about the issue (it could be an unrelated issue). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has irrelevant reasoning or does not have irrelevant reasoning
Identify all premises in the given argumentative discourse unit.
An argument is relevant if it addresses the topic of the debate it appears in and the claims made by other debaters on this topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is relevant or irrelevant.
Generate an argumentative text for or against the given topic.
Identify whether each elementary unit in the following argument is a premise, conclusion or refutation.
Given two arguments and a topic, determine whether the first argument is more convincing than the second argument or not.
Identify all claims and premises in the following argument.
A premise can be seen as specific to the issue if it discusses something that is closely related to the given issue. how would you rate how specific this premise is to the issue on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the given argument self-contradictory?
An argument has toxic emotions if it conveys negative feelings towards others or society at large, including but not limited to hate speech, offensive language, insults, personal attacks, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is more convincing because it addresses counter-arguments, takes into account other points of view, considers all sides, or deals with objections.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it only considers short-term benefits or costs, neglects longer term implications or focuses solely on individual self-interest over collective good.
Is the following argumentation globally sufficient? notice that an argumentation should be seen as globally sufficient if it adequately rebuts those counter-arguments to its conclusion that can be anticipated. please judge about global sufficiency according to whether all main objections of an argumentation that you see are rebutted.
The author’s argument can be said to have a deductive structure if the conclusion follows necessarily from the premises. how would you rate the deductive structure on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing than argument a because it relies heavily on personal attacks instead of focusing on the merits of the argument.
The confirmation bias fallacy occurs when we only pay attention to information that confirms our preexisting beliefs while ignoring anything that contradicts them; this leads to biased conclusions! given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses confirmation bias or does not use confirmation bias.
Argument conclusions are novel when they contain novel premise-related content and/or combination of the content in the premises in a way that goes beyond what is stated in the premise. given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason, select the correct warrant that explains reasoning of this particular argument. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
For each pair of arguments, decide whether they are similar or not
Identify whether the comment is a claim or not (not claim). the key question to answer is: does the author make an explicit statement that can be either true or false?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it addresses all relevant aspects of the issue, covers multiple perspectives, considers alternative views, acknowledges opposing viewpoints, responds to common objections, refutes counterarguments effectively or deals with potential criticisms head-on.
You are given a pair of comments coming from the same debate thread. your task is to predict whether these two comments are attacking each other or not.
An argument is circular if the conclusion of the argument (or a variation of it) appears in its premises. given an argument and a topic, decide whether the argument is circular or not circular.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it has a better style than argument b. the language used in argument a is nicer, easier to understand, less complex etc.
Given a pair of argument clauses coming from the same document, decide if the second clause is a counter-argument for the first clause or not.
An argument is missing relevance when it contains off-topic content, e.g., unrelated to the subject being discussed or the question asked. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Argument conclusions are relevant if they contain premise-related content, meaning that the conclusion is related to one or more of the premises in terms of its topic. is the following argument conclusion relevant?
The following passage contains two arguments (a and b) on the same side of the debate. which one do you find more convincing?
The goal of this task is to determine if an elementary unit x supports (or refutes) another elementary unit y. if there exists a support relation from x for y, then select yes; otherwise select no. support relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions are supported in practical argumentation: reason and evidence. the former can support either objective or subjective propositions, whereas the latter can only support objective propositions. that is, you cannot prove that a subjective proposition is true with a piece of evidence.
An argument is missing intelligibility if it uses unclear and ambiguous language, or deviates from the discussed issue. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
Given two arguments a and b that are written by different authors but discuss the same topic. would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it has logical fallacies.
An argument is biased if it presents one-sided information or favors a particular viewpoint without considering alternative perspectives. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is biased or objective
Given a question and stance (yes vs. no), produce a short text that argues for or against the question.
An argument has unclear meaning if its content is vague, ambiguous, or implicit, such that it remains unclear what is being
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it is of the type "position" or "opinion".
Given two arguments, decide which one is less convincing because it has language issues, bad grammar, uses humor, jokes or sarcasm.
An argument is appropriate if it does not contain severe orthographic errors and its appeal to emotions is not toxic, nor does it have missing commitment or intelligibility issues. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is appropriate or inappropriate
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it provides reasons that are strong enough to support its conclusion. notice that the strength of reasons can depend on many factors, e.g., whether they are acceptable or not and whether there is a good connection between them and the conclusion. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The relevance of an argumentation should be seen as high if it focuses on discussing the central issue at stake, i.e. the topic that is being argued about, without any unnecessary deviation or distraction from this central issue. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
For the given argument, decide whether the premises support the conclusion. if yes, score the strength of the support from 0 (lowest) to 4 (highest).
An argumentation should be seen as locally adequate if each step of reasoning makes sense within the context of the preceding steps. local adequacy does not imply that you agree with the premises nor with the conclusions of the argumentation. it only means that the argumentation seems consistent to you. how would you rate the local adequacy of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
How would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)? notice that you may see premises as acceptable even though they do not provide sufficient support for the conclusion(s). acceptability does not presuppose sufficiency.
Identify the scientific evidence that supports the given argument.
Argument quality is determined by various factors including the use of credible sources, logical reasoning, and the ability to address counterarguments. how would you rate the quality of the argument using the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as acceptable if it is free of offensive statements, foul language, or expressions of hate speech. furthermore, it should avoid discriminatory statements against certain groups of people or individuals. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing consistency if its parts contradict each other or if there is a lack of coherence between the individual statements. decide whether the following argument lacks consistency or does not lack consistency.
An argument has vague phrasing if its components (claims and premises) are expressed so vaguely that they cannot be understood properly. decide whether the argument has vague phrasing or does not have vague phrasing
An argument is said to be fallacious if its reasoning is based on incorrect premises or false assumptions, or if there is no logical connection between the premises and conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is fallacious or not fallacious
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if its premises are generally accepted or at least plausible to the expected target audience. notice that it is not always clear who belongs to the expected target audience of an argumentation. please judge about global acceptability according to whether you see the premises as acceptable for yourself and others like you. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following argument (argument a), determine whether it is more convincing than argument b.
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if its premises are directly related to a preceding contribution in the discussion (i.e., they provide support for an earlier stated conclusion) and/or if it provides information that is requested by other participants in the discussion. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as locally relevant if it is in line with the preceding discussion. notice that this may include counter-arguments, which are relevant to an issue even though they do not directly support its conclusion. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a topic and a set of beliefs, generate a claim tailored to the beliefs and potentially also supported by evidence in order to convince someone with opposing beliefs.
A premise is relevant if it supports its conclusion at all. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether each of its premises is relevant or irrelevant.
An argumentation should be seen as well-written if it uses a suitable vocabulary, grammar, spelling, punctuation, and capitalization. notice that there might be several typos acceptable before downgrading the quality of writing. notice also that the length of the argumentation should not affect the judgment about its quality of writing. how would you rate the quality of writing of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is ethically deceptive if it appeals to emotions in order to win, derail, or end the discussion. decide whether the argument is ethically deceptive or not ethically deceptive
An argument is missing acceptability if it provides premises that are unacceptable, e.g., because they conflict with known facts, moral norms, or our background knowledge about how things work in general. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks acceptability or does not lack acceptability
A counter-consideration is a reason why the audience should reject the main point of an argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has counter-considerations or no counter-considerations.
Determine whether the given argument is appeal to authority or not. appeal to authority refers to arguments that rely on the credibility of experts or authorities without providing sufficient justification or evidence. for example, "scientists say that global warming is real, so it must be true". given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument appeals to authority or does not appeal to authority
An argumentation is locally acceptable if it does not contain any fallacy. a fallacy is an error in reasoning that weakens the argument’s conclusion. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if it does not provide a clear position on an issue, i.e., it neither supports nor rejects the claim in question and/or fails to express a stance towards the topic of discussion. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument is containing offensive language if it uses abusive, insulting, vulgar, hateful, threatening, harassing, discriminatory, sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, ableist, xenophobic, religiously intolerant, culturally insensitive, politically incorrect, etc. words or expressions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains offensive language or does not contain offensive language
An argumentative claim is missing consistency if its different parts contradict each other or do not fit together well. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks consistency or does not lack consistency
Given an argumentative claim and its stance towards a topic, select the type of fallacy from the defined set (ad hominem, straw man, slippery slope, false dilemma, other) that should be improved when revising the claim.
An argument should be seen as clear if it is easy to understand the author’s stance on the issue and his or her reasoning for supporting this stance. the text should not contain ambiguities that make it difficult to identify the author’s standpoint and the reasons he or she provides in support of this standpoint. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the following argument valid? please provide a brief explanation for your answer.
Identify the strengths and weaknesses of the given argumentative text.
Argument conclusions are credible if they follow from premises that are likely to be true. is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of credibility?
This task requires you to rate how well the conclusion of the given argument follows from its premises. how would you rate the quality of the argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as successful in conveying a clear position if the author’s stance regarding the given issue is clearly conveyed. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about what the author wants to convey with his or her arguments, then do not judge him or her to be unsuccessful in conveying a clear position. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in conveying a clear position on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments on the same topic, determine if they have opposing opinions or not.
An argument is missing commitment if it uses rhetorical questions, hypothetical situations, speculation, etc. instead of making clear claims about what is actually the case. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument commits red herring fallacy if it diverts attention from the main issue by introducing an irrelevant topic. for example: i don’t think we should raise taxes because the government wastes too much money. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits red herring fallacy or does not commit red herring fallacy
An argumentation should be seen as clearly expressed if it is clear what exactly is being argued for, against or neutrally discussed. this implies that it is easy to distinguish between statements expressing opinions and statements providing facts. it also implies that the relations between the different parts of the argumentation are clear. notice that you may see an argumentation as clearly expressed even though the stated premises do not persuade you of the author’s stance. how would you rate the clarity of expression of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
You are given a claim, supporting reasons and an audience type. your task is to form a persuasive argument that supports the claim based on the provided reason(s) for the specific audience.
An argument is missing fairness if it misrepresents opposing viewpoints, exaggerates the strengths of their own position, or underestimates the merits of alternative views. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
We say that an argument is “appropriate” when the language used in the argument is proportionate to its topic, and also helps build credibility and emotions in the reader. determine whether the argument is appropriate or inappropriate.
An argument has insufficient information if there is not enough evidence provided for its claim (i.e., the author makes a statement without providing any evidence or justification). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient information or does not have insufficient information
You are given two propositions that belong to the same argument and their type (claim vs premise). your task is to decide whether there is a support relation between these propositions. if yes, please specify what kind of support relation exists: reason, evidence or no support relation. support relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions are supported in practical argumentation: reason and evidence. the former can support either objective or subjective propositions, whereas the latter can only support objective propositions. that is, you cannot prove that a subjective proposition is true with a piece of evidence. for example, “i think they should get rid of the button for turning them off”(y) and “they also don’t turn off automatically when you take them out of your ears.”(x)
A counter-argument is defined here as any adu that contradicts another adu in the same argumentative discourse. is there a problematic counter-argument gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument’s premises are acceptable if they are based on generally accepted beliefs and values within our society; otherwise, they may be considered unacceptable even though we might personally accept them ourselves. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A conclusion is sufficient for an argument if it follows logically from its premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the conclusion is sufficient or insufficient
Identify the major claim from the text of the article.
Arguments can be irrelevant with respect to the issue under discussion (topic), meaning they talk about something else entirely or make claims unrelated to what needs deciding upon given some context provided beforehand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument is irrelevant or relevant.
Read the two statements below. would you agree with the following statement?statement b is more convincing because it has stronger evidence, studies, statistics, data, quotes, citations, references, links, expert opinions or personal experiences.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it fails to address important counterarguments raised against its position whereas argument b acknowledges these objections but still manages to make a compelling case for its viewpoint.
The content of an argumentation should be seen as credible if the provided reasons and evidence are trustworthy and reliable for supporting the conclusion. in your view, credibility can be created via the use of facts, expert opinions, statistics, examples, analogies, definitions, personal experiences, etc. when judging about credibility, try to adequately weigh the relevance, trustworthiness, reliability, and accuracy of the used reasons and evidence—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of the argument. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has missing intelligibility if it is not possible to understand what the author wants to express. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing intelligibility or does not have missing intelligibility
Given the following two argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether adu2 attacks or supports adu1.
An argument commits black-or-white fallacy if it presents two alternatives as mutually exclusive when they are not. for example: either we build a wall or we have open borders. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits black-or-white fallacy or does not commit black-or-white fallacy
Decide whether the statement contains a stance on the topic or not (i.e., whether the author expresses his/her attitude towards the given topic).
Given two arguments on a topic, decide which one has more details, information, facts, examples, reasons, better arguments, goes deeper or is more specific.
The hasty generalization fallacy occurs when a person draws conclusions about all members of a group based on just one or two examples. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses hasty generalization or does not use hasty generalization
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it does not contain content that would make the provided arguments and information unacceptable to everyone from the expected target audience. the author’s argumentation is thus considered globally acceptable when you do not find any of its parts objectionable or offensive for people in general, i.e., beyond your own personal view on the issue. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The persuasiveness of an argumentation should be seen as high if it convinces you about the presented claim by using clear language, well-arranged arguments, relevant reasons, and appropriate support for them. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A circular argument uses its own conclusion as a premise, creating a self-referential loop. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a circular argument or not a circular argument
An argument is acceptable if it is free from severe orthographic errors and uses appropriate language for the given target audience. it is unacceptable if it contains such errors or inappropriate language. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is acceptable or is unacceptable
Consider the two arguments below (argument 1 and argument 2). would you agree with the following statement?argument 1 is less convincing because it uses vague language that makes its claims hard to understand whereas argument 2 avoids this issue by using clear concise wording throughout.
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if the author’s arguments are well stated and sufficiently developed in order to convince everyone from the expected target audience of their relevance for the issue under discussion. notice that you may see an argumentation as locally acceptable even though you do not accept its conclusion due to insufficient global sufficiency (see below). how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A counterargument is an opposing viewpoint to a claim or position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains a counterargument or does not contain a counterargument.
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if it presents the composed arguments and its conclusion in a clear structure, i.e., without repetitions or contradictions. notice that some repetition may be used on purpose to achieve persuasion (e.g., by emphasizing certain aspects of an issue). how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a debate topic, does this argument argue for or against the topic?
An argument is not emotionally deceptive if it appeals to emotions in order to persuade others and win the debate, but without using tricks. decide whether the argument is not emotionally deceptive or does not have unclear meaning
An argument should be seen as sufficiently informed if it does not ignore or dismiss relevant considerations that could weaken the author’s position. how would you rate the informativeness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two versions of the same claim below (claim 1 and claim 2). which version would be better to use in a debate about this issue?
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if each stated argument contributes to the support of the claim(s) it was composed to support. notice that this may still be the case even though the stated arguments do not persuade you of the author’s stance. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it is written optimally (optimal) or needs further revision to improve its quality (suboptimal).
Is the argument sufficiently developed?
An argument is irrelevant if it introduces a new topic that distracts from the original issue. decide whether the argument has irrelevant reasoning or does not have irrelevant reasoning
The argument is: “we should invest more money in education.” how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s premises on a scale from 1 (low) to 5 (high)?
Given a topic, generate an argument that is relevant to the given topic.
An argument is seen as having fallacious reasoning if its premises are not sufficient to support the conclusion, e.g., because they are irrelevant or do not provide enough support for it. decide whether the argument has fallacious reasoning or does not have fallacious reasoning
Given two arguments and a topic, determine whether or not they are relevant to each other with respect to the given topic.
Given a set of claims, determine whether they are logically non-preferable or not.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as formal if it uses language that avoids slang terms, contractions, exclamation marks etc., which could make it seem too informal for some audiences. the used language should also avoid spelling mistakes and grammar errors. how would you rate the formality of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has logical flaws if its components (claims and premises) do not form a valid reasoning chain. decide whether the argument has logical flaws or does not have logical flaws
An argument is bandwagon if it relies on the fact that everyone else believes something to be true. is there a problematic bandwagon at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
A response is polite if it respects others’ opinions and avoids personal attacks, insults, or other offensive language. how would you rate the politeness of the author’s response on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following two arguments, decide whether argument b is less convincing because it uses humor, jokes, sarcasm, etc.
Given two different versions of the same argumentative claim, decide which version is phrased better.
Generate an argumentative claim tailored to the beliefs of the given audience on the given topic
The relevance of an argumentation can be described by how well the claims and premises are connected to each other. this means that they should all support the conclusion in a meaningful way. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has weak reasoning if it contains logical fallacies or irrelevant information. decide whether the given argument has weak reasoning or does not have weak reasoning.
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as coherent if all parts fit together logically without contradicting each other or leaving gaps in between them. how would you rate the coherence of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A non-sequitur is defined here as any logical fallacy in which a conclusion is drawn from premises that do not support it. given the following argument with such a gap, generate a new adu that fills the gap indicated with "<mask>".
A strawman argument is defined as an attack on a distorted version of another person's position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, determine whether the argument is a strawman or not.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it oversimplifies complex issues reducing them down into black-and-white terms whereas argument b recognizes nuances involved in many debates offering multiple perspectives before reaching a conclusion.
An argument is not relevant if its meaning does not contribute to the topic of the debate or if it repeats a previous argument in the same debate without adding new information or reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Decide, whether the given sentence contains a claim or not. choose one of the following options: claim/can’t decide (c/cdc): either there is a clear claim in the sentence, or you can’t understand the sentence. if you choose this option, you need to very briefly explain, why you chose it (e.g.“the second sentence is not grammatical”, “the first sentence is from a different topic” etc.). no claim (nc): there is no claim in the sentence.
An argument is lacking clarity if it is not clear what the author wants to say or which point they want to make. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is oversimplification if it simplifies complex issues by reducing them to simple terms, ignoring important details, nuances, complexities, subtleties, exceptions, qualifications, counterexamples, alternative explanations, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is oversimplification or not oversimplification
An argument is not well reasoned if its premises are weak or flawed in some way. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is not well reasoned or is well reasoned
An argument is missing depth if it fails to engage with the issue at hand in a thorough and comprehensive manner. decide whether the argument lacks depth or does not lack depth
An argument is morally deceptive if it presents moral principles in an inconsistent way or violates them for its own purposes (e.g., to win). decide whether the argument is morally deceptive or not morally deceptive
The author of an argument uses an appeal to authority fallacy if they cite a person as an authority on a topic, even though that person has no real expertise in the field. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains appeal to authority fallacy or does not contain appeal to authority fallacy
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if all its stated arguments are related to its conclusion in such a way that each of them contributes to supporting the conclusion (directly or indirectly). notice that you may see an argumentation as globally relevant even though the stated arguments do not persuade you of the author’s stance. how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is abusive if it contains an insult, threat, or profanity directed at another user in the discussion forum. decide whether the argument is abusive or not abusive
An argument is missing premise if there is no support for the claim, e.g., the author does not provide any reasons, evidence, examples or further explanations for his/her claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks premise or does not lack premise
An argument is offensive language if it contains profanity, obscenity, insults, personal attacks, threats, hate speech, bullying, trolling, racism, sexism, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has offensive language or does not have offensive language
Given an argument, identify the stance expressed in this argument.
Given a debate topic and a short text, classify the text as “for” or “against” the topic.
An argument’s relevance is determined by how well it contributes to resolving the discussed issue. given the topic of debate and an argument which appeared in that debate. decide whether the argument is relevant or irrelevant to the discussion.
Given a controversial topic and a claim, generate a piece of evidence supporting that claim.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it uses emotional appeal or pathos such as fear, anger, sympathy, empathy, humor, guilt, patriotism, etc., which make people feel certain emotions about the issue at hand.
An argument is missing intelligibility if it contains at least one elementary unit that cannot be understood in the context of the argument. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
An argument is an appeal to authority if it relies on the opinion of an expert who may not actually be qualified to speak on the subject matter. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is an appeal to authority or not an appeal to authority
Given a topic, decide whether the given argument is relevant.
The author’s argumentation is convincing if you believe that the reasons given are strong enough and sufficient for supporting the position or opinion argued for. how would you rate the strength of the arguments used by the author on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are appropriate when they align with the intended purpose of the argument and appropriately reflect the stance taken by the author. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument conclusion is appropriate or inappropriate.
An argument commits circular reasoning fallacy if its premise assumes its own conclusion as true without providing additional support for why this assumption holds true. for example, “god exists because he created everything”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits circular reasoning fallacy or does not commit circular reasoning fallacy.
Decide whether the argument is emotionally deceptive or not emotionally deceptive
A premise of an argument is irrelevant if it does not contribute to supporting the conclusion of the argument. given the following comment and the topic of the debate the comment appeared in, decide whether the premises are relevant or not.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it is superficial, shallow, simplistic, naive, childish, immature, inexperienced, uninformed, ignorant, illiterate, uneducated, unsophisticated, primitive, basic, elementary, rudimentary, introductory, beginner-level or entry-level.
An argument is insufficiently informed if it shows lack of knowledge or awareness of relevant facts and circumstances related to the issue under discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is insufficiently informed or is not insufficiently informed
An argument is well-written if its premises are clear and concise, and if they support the conclusion effectively. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a is better written than argument b because it has clear premises and a strong conclusion.
You are given a pair of argument clauses coming from the same document. predict if they are members of the same argument or not. if yes, then what is the relation between them (support/attack) and what is the strength of this relation (strong/weak)?
Given a pair of arguments coming from the same document, predict if they attack each other directly or indirectly or do not attack each other at all.
An argument has a toxic emotion if it contains hate speech or insults towards other people (e.g., “you are an idiot”). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
An argument conclusion is valid if it follows from the premises, meaning a logical inference links the premises to the conclusion. decide whether the conclusion is valid or invalid
An argument should be seen as having local acceptability if its premises are acceptable from the perspective of the target audience. how would you rate the local acceptability of this argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments on the same topic, decide if they are both equally valid (argument 1 and argument 2).
An argumentation should be seen as coherent if it does not contain contradictory statements or claims. coherence requires consistency, i.e., that the parts fit together into a meaningful whole. please judge about coherence according to whether you see any contradictions in the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has detrimental orthography when it contains spelling errors, typos, capitalization errors and/or punctuation errors. given the following argument: does it have detrimental orthography?
Determine if the following discourse unit contains a premise.
An argument is not intelligible if it fails to make sense, e.g., because of missing words or a bad sentence structure. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is not intelligible or intelligible.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains an instance of “post hoc ergo propter hoc” fallacy. post hoc ergo propter hoc involves assuming that just because event b followed event a, event a must have caused event b. for example: "i took my medicine after i got sick, therefore taking my medicine made me get better."
Argument conclusions are relevant when they are directly related to the premise content and address the topic of discussion. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of relevance?
An argument has weak reasoning if its components (claims and premises) do not provide enough justification for accepting the conclusion as true. decide whether the argument has weak reasoning or does not have weak reasoning
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if every premise is directly related to the given issue and does not unnecessarily deviate from it. please judge about local relevance according to how relevant you see each premise—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s premises on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A fallacy can be seen as a violation of rules of good reasoning. the specific type of fallacy called “fallacy of relevance” occurs when a premise is irrelevant to the truth of the conclusion. it should be seen as successful if there is such a fallacy. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. notice that you should not judge about the persuasive effect of the author’s argumentation, but you should decide whether the argumentation makes the target audience willing/unwilling to be persuaded by the author (or to agree/disagree with the author) in principle—or neither. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in using fallacies of relevance on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Produce a short text that argues for or against the following debate topic. the generated text should contain an introduction, body paragraphs with supporting evidence, and a conclusion. use at least one source from the list provided below:
An argument is lacking clarity if its main point cannot be easily identified by the reader. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argument has missing information if there is not enough information to support the conclusion. decide whether the argument has missing information or does not have missing information
Argument conclusions are supported when they are directly supported by at least one premise and/or there is a chain of support from the premises to the conclusion. is the conclusion supported?
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it is presented in a way that is generally acceptable to the expected target audience. this means, for instance, that the author does not use offensive language or inappropriate arguments and that he or she takes into account different points of view on the issue. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The goal of this task is to automatically identify the best key points from a large collection of arguments on a given topic. each key point should be a concise summary that captures the most important aspects of the debate. does the following key point match the given argument?
An argument is missing respect if it shows disrespect for opposing viewpoints by using personal attacks instead of focusing on the merits of the argument. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
Is the argument coherent and cohesive?
An argument is persuasive if it changes your opinion towards the conclusion, i.e., it increases your belief in the truth of the conclusion or decreases your disbelief in the truth of the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is persuasive or is not persuasive
The acceptability of an argument depends on how much we agree with the content of the claims that make up the argument. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason, decide whether the reasoning is deductive or not (deductive or inductive).
An argument is unintelligible if its components (claims and premises) seem not to be understandable due to their language or structure. decide whether the argument has unintelligibility or does not have unintelligibility
An argument is missing commitment if it contains no clear position, opinion, stand, attitude, viewpoint or perspective. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An equivocation fallacy occurs when a word or phrase is used in multiple ways within an argument, leading to confusion or misleading conclusions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is an equivocation fallacy or not an equivocation fallacy
An argument is detrimental orthography if it has a lot of spelling mistakes, grammatical errors or bad language. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography.
An argument is relevant if it addresses a point that has been made or could have been made by one of the participants in the discussion. how would you rate the relevance of this argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has unclarity from ellipsis if its components (claims and premises) are expressed incompletely such that it is unclear what the author means. decide whether the argument has unclarity from ellipsis or does not have unclarity from ellipsis
Argument organization refers to how well an essay organizes its argument for its thesis. an essay with a high score in this category presents its argument in a clear, logical order and uses effective transitions between ideas. score the argument organization of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not make sense or has no structure) 1.5 2.0 (essay is disorganized and difficult to follow) 2.5 3.0 (essay has some organization but lacks clarity) 3.5 4.0 (essay is clearly organized and easy to follow)
Arguments are readable when they use clear language free of jargon or technical terms that might confuse readers unfamiliar with the subject matter. how would you rate the readability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing sincerity if it displays an unwillingness to consider its own weaknesses and does not assess itself honestly but simply presents its position as the only possible one without acknowledging other viewpoints. decide whether the argument lacks sincerity or does not lack sincerity
An argument is polite if language used during discussions remains civil throughout despite potential disagreements over particular points made by individuals involved therein. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is polite or is impolite.
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b) that appeared in a discussion thread about a certain topic. decide whether they are duplicates of each other or not.
Given two versions of the same argument (argument 1 and argument 2), decide which version is better.
Given two arguments on a topic, decide whether they have complementary goals despite differing methods employed.
An argument has no reasoning if it fails to present any supporting evidence. decide whether the argument lacks reasoning or does not lack reasoning
In the context of the topic of the debate that this argument appeared in, decide whether the argument has excessive intensity or does not have excessive intensity
Argument conclusions are specific when they contain specific (non-generic) premise-related content. is the conclusion specific?
An argument has poor structure if it is poorly organized and/or difficult to follow. decide whether the argument has poor structure or does not have poor structure
A comment is considered to be relevant if it addresses the topic of the debate and/or other comments in the discussion. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s comment on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the given argument a question?
An argument is detrimental orthography if it contains rude language, inappropriate content, insults, swear words etc. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography
Given two arguments on a topic, decide whether one argument rebuts another.
A fallacy is a defect in reasoning that does not follow from its premises to its conclusion. given the following comment and the topic of the debate the comment appeared in. decide whether the comment contains a logical fallacy or does not contain a logical fallacy.
What is the overall rating for the author’s use of language on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if it does not express any clear opinion about the topic of discussion (the issue). you should be open to see an argument as expressing a position on the issue even if this position does not match your stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided information in the argument can be seen as contributing to one side or another within the discussion of the issue. how would you rate the author’s expression of commitment on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument contains an implicit premise when some content that is necessary for the inference from the premises to the conclusion is not stated explicitly. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains implicit premise or does not contain implicit premise
Given the following argumentative essay and its topic, determine whether the essay has excessive intensity or does not have excessive intensity.
The task is to evaluate whether the following argument contains a strawman fallacy.
Given the following key point and the corresponding set of arguments from a large collection of arguments on a given topic, decide whether the key point matches any of the arguments.
An argument is missing fairness if it uses personal attacks against other authors instead of criticizing their arguments. you must ignore any potential biases you might have regarding the author’s stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information are worthy of being considered within the discussion of the issue. how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the types of fallacies present in the argument
Given a controversial topic, determine whether a set of beliefs supports one side or another.
An argumentative claim is considered “well-reasoned” if it provides sufficient evidence or reasoning to support its position. how would you rate the author’s argumentative claims on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is defined here as a series of written discourse units (adus) connected by argumentative relations (e.g. support or attack).
Argument conclusions are well-structured when they contain an appropriate number of premises for their complexity and each premise is clearly linked to the conclusion. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of structure?
An argument has detrimental orthography if it contains spelling mistakes or grammatical errors that are severe enough to distract the reader from the content and make the argument hard to understand. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography.
An argumentation should be seen as factually adequate if all factual statements made in the argumentation are true. factual adequacy is important since an argumentation based on wrong facts cannot be correct. please judge about factual adequacy according to whether you see any factual errors in the author's argumentation. how would you rate the factual adequacy of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a topic and two arguments about it (argument a and argument b), decide which
A premise is acceptable if there are good reasons for accepting it. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight your judgments about acceptability when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. notice that this question does not ask whether you personally agree with each individual premise but whether there are good reasons for accepting them. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a survey that collects data through questions asked directly to participants related to the issue under consideration.
Given a pair of arguments (argument a and argument b) from the same document, predict if they have different or the same stance towards the topic.
An argument has lacking premises if there are important missing premises that would make the argument complete and valid. decide whether the argument has lacking premises or does not have lacking premises
Given a stance towards a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate a belief-tailored argument in favor of this stance.
Given a claim and a reason, select the correct warrant that explains reasoning of
An argument has toxic language if it uses inflammatory or derogatory terms to refer to the people, objects, and events related to the topic of the debate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic.
Given the following argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether there is a support or attack relation between them. if so, what kind of support or attack relation exists? differentiate between support and attack.
Is the following argumentative text a personal attack?
An argument is missing clarity if it does not make sense or if the reader has to guess what exactly the author means. given the following argument, decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity.
An argument can be missing premise if it lacks important assumptions needed to support the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks premise or does not lack premise.
An argument is missing reasoning if it does not contain any logical inference between the premise and the conclusion. decide whether the following argument lacks reasoning or does not lack reasoning
Generate an objective summary for the given debate.
An argumentation should be seen as locally insufficient if it fails to rebut some objection(s) to its conclusion that are actually raised in the discussion by other participants. please judge about local insufficiency according to whether there is at least one objection of the author’s opponents that you see that is not rebutted. how would you rate the local insufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the argument logical?
Is the argument emotional or rational?
The quality of an argument is low if it contains many spelling mistakes, grammar errors, or irrelevant information. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has low quality or not low quality
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains personal attacks, insults, threats, offensive language, hate speech, racism, sexism, homophobia, transphobia, ableism, xenophobia, ageism, classism, etc.
An argument is missing validity if the premises fail to logically imply the conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks validity or does not lack validity
Is the argument black-or-white?
An argument is missing specificity if it does not include enough detail or examples to support the claim. decide whether the argument lacks specificity or does not lack specificity
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is fallacious or not fallacious
The style of an argumentation should be seen as clear if it uses gramatically correct and widely unambiguous language as well as if it avoids unnecessary complexity and deviation from the discussed issue. the used language should make it
The quality of an argumentation should be seen as high if it uses appropriate language for the discussion of the issue at hand and if its line of thought makes sense without logical gaps. how would you rate the quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The quality of an argumentation should be seen as high if its reasoning contains well-founded premises, which are also relevant for the conclusion and form a strong basis for the conclusion. how would you rate the quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The strength of an argument refers to how strongly its premises support its conclusion. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of strength?
Distinguish, whether the comment is rational regarding the discussed topic or not (not rational). the key question to answer is: is the author trying to convince us with rational arguments?
A missing adu can be problematic when it leads to an incorrect understanding of the logic behind the written argument. is there a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
The structure of an argument should be seen as appropriate if the logical relations between arguments are expressed clearly and explicitly and if the text can be easily followed by the reader. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments a and b, determine which one is more convincing. if both are equally convincing or unconvincing, then choose 'equal'.
Identify all the sentences in the text which express statements about facts.
An argument is "unclear" if it does not provide enough information for the reader to understand what it means. given an argument and a topic, decide whether the argument is unclear or not.
An argument has contradicting information if it contains conflicting statements or facts that undermine its credibility. decide whether the argument has contradicting information or does not have contradicting information
An argument is classified as missing intelligibility if its content cannot be understood because of spelling mistakes, wrong grammar, ambiguous words, unclear sentence structure or other reasons that prevent understanding what the author wants to say. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing intelligibility or not missing intelligibility
An argumentation should be seen as generally weak or vague if its content does not provide sufficient grounds for accepting the standpoint of the author, e.g., due to missing premises or evidence supporting the standpoint. it should be seen as not generally weak or vague if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the strength of the author’s argumentation, then do not judge it to be generally weak or vague. how would you rate the general weakness or vagueness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a claim and premise, decide whether the following statement is true: the premise... ...explicitly supports the claim. ...vaguely/implicitly supports the claim. ...makes no use of the claim. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks the claim. ...explicitly attacks the claim.
An argument is toxic if it is inappropriate because of reasons related to insulting, threatening, or otherwise showing disrespect towards any person or group of people. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic
An argument is toxic emotion if it uses language intended to provoke strong negative emotions such as hate, anger, fear etc., without contributing any reasoning or evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotion or does not have toxic emotion
Compare the two given arguments (argument a and argument b) and determine which one is better in terms of quality.
The persuasiveness of an argument should be seen as high if, given the premises of the argument, the author’s position is well defended against alternative positions or if the argument gives good reasons to accept the author’s stance even though there may be other reasonable stances regarding the topic. notice that you may see an argument as highly persuasive even though you do not personally accept all of its premises. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The first thing to do when evaluating a source is to consider its credibility, i.e., how trustworthy it is as a source of information. you should be open to see a source as credible even if it does not match your stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether you would trust this source for general information about the topic. how would you rate the credibility of the provided source on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if it only contains those parts that are actually required to support its conclusion. notice that it is not generally clear what parts are required for this purpose. there may be cases where some parts are clearly superfluous while others are crucial for supporting the conclusion. please judge about global relevance according to whether all main parts of the argumentation seem to contribute to supporting its conclusion. how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it does not include content that is unacceptable from the perspective of the expected target audience. in particular, this means that the argumentation should be free from factual errors, offensive language, fallacious reasoning, or biased statements. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
You are given two arguments (argument a and argument b). your task is to identify which argument is more convincing based on the quality of reasoning used in each argument.
A counter-argument is an objection to an argument that rebuts one of its premises (or assumptions) or its conclusion. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether all main objections to any of the arguments in the author’s argumentation that you see are rebutted by the author. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a set of arguments, decide whether they contain any factual information or not
Is the following sentence an example of loaded language?
Does the following argument clause contain any rhetorical questions?
Given a claim and the corresponding stance of the user (pro or con) on the big issue, generate an argumentative text supporting the stance.
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if it contributes to the discussion topic in general. how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale
Provide an argument and a conclusion to decide whether they are novel or not.
An argument has a circular reasoning if it is based on an assumption that cannot be proven. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
An argument shows toxic emotions if it contains insulting, threatening, harassing, profane language or uses offensive words targeting certain groups (e.g., racist, sexist) or individuals. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument shows toxic emotions or does not show toxic emotions
Given an argument a, determine whether argument b is more convincing than argument a.
Given an argumentative discourse unit (adu), determine whether it is missing seriousness, i.e., if the adu suggests (explicitly or implicitly) that the issue is not worthy of being discussed or does not contribute meaningfully to the discussion.
Given the following argument, and a list of claims that may or may not be used in this argument. decide which of these statements is true: the claim... ...is explicitly mentioned in the argument. ...is implicitly mentioned in the argument. ...is neither explicitly nor implicitly mentioned in the argument.
The key question to answer is: does the author make his/her attitude towards the topic clear?consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it expresses a clearer position about the issue.
An argument is classified as containing toxic emotions if it uses inappropriate language such as profanity, insults, threats, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions or not.
A good argumentative essay is characterized by a sound structure. this means that there is a clearly defined introduction, body paragraphs, and conclusion. how would you rate the structure of the author’s essay on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is emotional if it appeals to emotions such as fear, anger, joy, sadness, etc. to influence the audience's beliefs or actions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument is emotional or non-emotional.
The persuasiveness of an argument refers to how likely the argument will convince readers to believe its thesis. score the persuasiveness of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (the argument does not make sense or is completely unconvincing) 1.5 2.0 (the argument makes some sense but is mostly unconvincing) 2.5 3.0 (the argument makes some sense and could convince some readers) 3.5 4.0 (the argument makes good sense and would convince most readers)
An argument is fallacious if it contains at least one instance of a formal logical error such as equivocation, begging the question or circular reasoning. if there are several instances of fallacies, they all must be identified. try to adequately weight your judgments about local acceptability, local relevance, and local sufficiency when judging about cogency—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of an argument. accordingly, if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weight the cogency of each argument when judging about their “aggregate” cogency—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. is this argument fallacious or not fallacious?
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b) and a topic, are these two arguments on the same side of the debate?
Generate an objection (counter-claim) against the given argument
An argument has toxic emotions if its content or tone could be perceived as aggressive, hostile, or hurtful towards others. this includes insults, threats, personal attacks, profanity, hate speech, and any other language that could be interpreted as offensive or disrespectful. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
An argumentation should be seen as original if it introduces novel ideas or perspectives that have not been previously discussed in relation to the given issue. how would you rate the originality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is lacking clarity if it is difficult to understand or lacks logical flow, even after repeated reading. given an argument and its topic, decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity.
An argumentation should be seen as locally comprehensible if it is possible to understand individual sentences or phrases that are used by the author. would you agree with the following statement: argument b is less convincing because it is not local comprehensible than argument a?
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. would you agree with the following statement?this argument is only opinion, or a rant.
An argument commits detrimental orthography if it contains spelling errors, grammatical mistakes or irrelevant symbols that hinder understanding by the audience. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or not
An argument is well-reasoned if it contains a valid logical inference from the premise to the conclusion. is the given argument well reasoned?
An argument has an incomplete structure when the argument lacks any of its components such as premise, conclusion, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has incomplete structure or does not have incomplete structure
Given a debate topic and a set of beliefs, generate a tailored argumentative essay.
An argument has biased reasoning if its components (claims and premises) favor one side over another without providing sufficient justification. decide whether the argument has biased reasoning or does not have biased reasoning
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it is weak or strong (weak claim or strong claim).
An argument is missing objectivity if it reflects the writer's own biases or prejudices instead of presenting facts objectively. decide whether the argument lacks objectivity or does not lack objectivity
An argument is irrelevant if it addresses matters outside the scope of the original problem being discussed. irrelevance arises when individuals bring up extraneous details that do not directly impact the outcome of the debate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is relevant or irrelevant
Given the following two argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether the second adu is a support for or an attack on the first one.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if its premises provide enough support for accepting its conclusion. this means that, given the truth or plausibility of the premises, the conclusion follows from them with a high degree of certainty. you should be open to see an argumentation as sufficient even if you do not agree with its conclusion. rather, the question is whether the provided premises are strong enough to warrant the conclusion. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has insufficient reasoning when it fails to provide sufficient justification or logical reasoning to support its claims. decide whether the argument has insufficient reasoning or does not have insufficient reasoning
An argument is strong if it provides a convincing reason to believe its conclusion. decide whether the argument has strong reasoning or does not have strong reasoning
An argument is missing openness if a person does not listen to other’s opinions or they are closed off from new ideas. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks openness or does not lack openness
An argument should have good structure when it is easy for readers to understand how its premises support its conclusion. how would you rate the structure of the given argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if it provides arguments and/or other information that are directly related to the discussed issue, i.e., if they contribute to the discussion of a specific aspect or sub-aspect of the given issue. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has missing commitment if the author does not commit themselves to their stance on the issue being discussed, but instead expresses a neutral point of view. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Given a set of claims from different sources, identify which ones have toxic emotions where the emotions appealed to are deceptive or their intensities do not provide room for critical evaluation of the topic by the reader.
An argument is missing commitment if the author does not commit to his/her own claims. the author might not explicitly express their position on the topic of the debate but rather use phrases like "some say", "it could be argued" etc. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
Identify the main point of the following text:
You are given a topic and two stances towards it. your task is to form an argument supporting one of the stances based on the type of reasoning.
Given a set of claims and premises, decide which one is more convincing
The relation between two argument clauses can take many forms such as support, attack etc.. given two argument clauses coming from the same document, determine whether they are connected by any argumentative relation (e.g. support or attack).
A backing is any additional information provided by the author to support a premise. how would you rate the relevance of this backing for the resolution of the issue discussed in the text? "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)
An argument is toxic emotion if it contains excessive usage of emotional words like “hate”, “love” etc., which negatively affects its quality. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotion or does not have toxic emotion
The author of an argument uses a slippery slope fallacy if they argue that one action will lead to another, then another, etc., until some final undesirable outcome is reached. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument contains slippery slope fallacy or does not contain slippery slope fallacy
An argument is missing acceptability if it makes a claim that does not have any justification or evidence, or when the claims are based on false assumptions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks acceptability or does not lack acceptability
The author’s style is appropriate when they use the right tone for their target audience (e.g., formal vs informal), the right vocabulary (e.g., technical terms) and the right language register (e.g., academic, colloquial, etc.). how would you rate the appropriateness of the author’s style on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A premise is acceptable if it is generally accepted as true by most people. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument’s premise is acceptable or premise is not acceptable.
An argument is valid if its conclusion follows from its premise, meaning there is a logical inference linking them. given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), determine which of the two is more valid.
Which of the following words or phrases best describes the given argumentative text?
Given two arguments from opposing sides on a particular issue, decide whether they are similar or not in terms of their stance (pro or con) towards the big issue.
An argument has too much irrelevant information if it contains claims and premises that are not related to the topic or question. decide whether the argument has too much irrelevant information or does not have too much irrelevant information
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative essay analyzing the economic factors involved in the issue.
Argument relevance refers to how well an essay’s arguments relate to its thesis. score the argument relevance of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not make any relevant arguments) 1.5 2.0 (most of the essay’s arguments are only somewhat relevant to its thesis) 2.5 3.0 (most of the essay’s arguments are clearly related to its thesis) 3.5 4.0 (all of the essay’s arguments are highly relevant to its thesis)
An argument has no evidence if there are no supporting claims for its main claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has no evidence or has evidence.
Consider the following argument and decide whether you agree with the following statement: the author’s argumentation is vague because they use ambiguous language that makes it difficult to understand what they mean.
An argument is called balanced if it provides different perspectives on the topic, i.e., both pro and con arguments. how would you rate the balance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The reasoning of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the premises provide sufficient evidence for the conclusion. in your view, the premises should appear to support the conclusion in a convincing way, i.e., they should not contain any logical fallacies or other flaws that would undermine their capacity to serve as reasons for the conclusion. how would you rate the appropriateness of the reasoning of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argumentation should be seen as committed if its arguments support or oppose the discussed issue. in particular, if the author commits to her/his own arguments, she/he may convince others about them. how would you rate the commitment of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The clarity of an argumentation refers to how easy it is to understand the content of the written text. this depends on the choice of words and their complexity, the structure of sentences, and the general structure of the text. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has missing intelligibility if its meaning cannot be understood due to unusual vocabulary or ambiguous phrasing. decide whether the following argument has missing intelligibility or does not have missing intelligibility
Identify whether there is a concession in the given argumentative text.
An argument is missing consistency if it contains internal contradictions or the author does not follow through with their own premises and conclusions. decide whether the argument lacks consistency or does not lack consistency
Find all appeals to emotion in the given argumentative text.
An appeal to authority fallacy occurs when someone inappropriately backs up an argument by citing a person who is not an expert in the field in question. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits an appeal to authority fallacy or does not commit an appeal to authority fallacy
The author’s argumentation can be seen as relevant in terms of global relevance if the author addresses the issue raised by the article they respond to and stays on topic throughout their response. how would you rate the author’s argumentation with regard to global relevance on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument structure refers to how well the argument in an essay is organized and developed. an essay with a high argument structure score presents its ideas in a logical order, develops them clearly, and connects them using transitions and other techniques that make it easy for readers to follow along. score the argument structure of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not have any clear structure or organization) 1.5 2.0 (essay has some structure but it is hard to follow or understand) 2.5 3.0 (essay has a decent structure but could be improved) 3.5 4.0 (essay has a very clear and logical structure)
An argument is valid if its conclusion follows logically from the premise, i.e., if the truth of the premise guarantees the truth of the conclusion. is the argument valid?
An argument is circular if the conclusion is already assumed as true in one of the premises, which leads to an endless loop. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is circular or non-circular
An argument is missing logical coherence if it lacks consistency with respect to its own internal logic. given the following argument, decide whether the argument lacks logical coherence or does not lack logical coherence
An argument contains logical fallacies if it uses flawed reasoning techniques such as ad hominem attacks, straw man arguments, slippery slope fallacy, etc... given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains logical fallacies or does not contain logical fallacies
The following argumentative unit is an example of what kind of elementary argumentative unit? elementary argumentative units are the fundamental components of an argument.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if the conclusion of each individual argument is supported by its premises. notice that this can only be judged with respect to the given text and not in view of external knowledge about the issue at hand. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is clearer, easier to understand, more straightforward, less confusing, makes more sense, is simpler, has fewer mistakes, contains less jargon, slang, acronyms, abbreviations, typos, grammatical errors, punctuation errors, capitalization errors, formatting issues, etc.
Given a pair of arguments and a topic, determine whether they are both relevant to the topic.
Identify the stance towards the topic for each sentence in the given argumentative text.
Identify the stance of the author towards the given claim in the given review text.
The speaker tries to persuade the audience by appealing to their emotions rather than relying solely on logical reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument appeals to emotion appropriately or inappropriately.
An argumentation should be seen as having sufficient breadth if it takes into account different aspects of a topic, i.e., considers a range of relevant factors, including potentially opposing viewpoints. how would you rate the breadth of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The clarity of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the reader can easily understand what the author wants to say without having to read the text multiple times or ask for clarification. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Which one of the following statements is correct? argument a is less convincing because... ...it has language issues, bad grammar, uses humor, jokes or sarcasm. ...it is based on false premises/facts. ...it contains logical fallacies. ...it does not address counterarguments.
Identify all rhetorical questions present in the text.
What kind of attack relation exists from elementary unit x against proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between undercutter, rebuttal and no attack relation. attack relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions are attacked in practical argumentation: rebuttal and undercutter. both can attack either objective or subjective propositions. rebuttal: for an elementary unit x to be a rebuttal against a proposition y, it must contradict the truth of y. for example, “i have been using [...]”(y) and “i haven't found that to be true at all.”(x). undercutter: for an elementary unit x to be an undercutter against a proposition y, it must cast doubt on the truth of y by attacking the connection between y and its supporting reason(s)/evidence. for example, “the only issue i have is that the volume starts to degrade a little bit after about six“and i find i have to buy a new pair every year or so.”(y) and “this isn't really true.”(x).
Classify the following argument as a fact, opinion, or neither.
Given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason, identify the corresponding stance of this particular argument from the following: pro, con, other
An argument is fallacious when it commits logical errors. for example, “smoking should be banned because it causes cancer” commits hasty generalization by assuming all smokers develop cancer without considering other factors such as genetics or lifestyle choices. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is fallacious or not fallacious
Given two arguments with opposite stances, determine which one is more trustworthy.
Given a pair of arguments (argument a and argument b), would you agree with the following statement? argument b is more convincing because it is well-structured, easy to follow or has clear reasoning.
An argument is fallacious if it commits one of the classical fallacies described by aristotle in his work on sophistical refutations. these include ad hominem attacks, straw man arguments, false dilemma, begging the question, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains fallacy or no fallacy
Given the following two versions of the same claim, decide
Given a pair of claims, determine if they have the same stance with respect to a topic or not
An argumentation should be seen as globally sufficient if it adequately rebuts those counter-arguments to its claim that are actually stated by the opponent. notice that there may be cases where it is infeasible to rebut all objections raised against an argumentation. please judge about global sufficiency of the author’s argumentation—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of an argumentation. accordingly, if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weight the cogency of each argument when judging about their “aggregate” cogency—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the global sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following argument: is the argument conclusion valid or invalid? the argument conclusion is valid if it follows from the premise(s), meaning a logical inference links the premise(s) to the conclusion; otherwise it is invalid.
A personal attack is defined as a statement attacking the opponent instead of her/his arguments. is there a personal attack at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if it is free of obvious logical errors and the stated arguments are not based on obviously false assumptions. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments, determine whether they are similar or dissimilar.
An argument is non-missing commitment if it contains an explicit statement about its author's stance on the topic of discussion. decide whether the given argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
Argument clarity refers to how clearly an author expresses their thesis statement, premises, and conclusion in an argumentative essay. score the argument clarity of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not have a clear thesis or it is often unclear what the main points are) 1.5 2.0 (essay has a weakly expressed thesis and some main points are unclear) 2.5 3.0 (essay has a decently expressed thesis and most main points are clear) 3.5 4.0 (essay has a very clear thesis and all main points are easy to understand)
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if the arguments that are provided within a single turn contribute to each other in order to support the main claim of the author. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it is written in first person or third person perspective.
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the presented claims and premises are clearly linked with each other so that their relationship(s) can be easily identified by others. this means that it should be clear how certain claims and premises relate to each other in order to support the main conclusion of the argumentation. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has toxic content if its content contains toxicity towards some group (e.g., racist), uses profanity, or otherwise contains offensive language. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic content or not toxic content.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it provides a convincing line of reasoning, i.e., if the premises are presented in a way that makes them worthy of being accepted and they adequately support their conclusion. notice that this may require to consider several arguments in order to see whether an author’s claim is supported by its premises. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the content is arranged in a way that supports the creation of credibility and emotions. it may, for instance, make sense to first provide information about the source of arguments or facts before stating them. or it may be more convincing to start with the strongest arguments rather than ending with them. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the following statement true or false?“argument a contains more information than argument b.”
An appeal to emotion uses emotions as the basis of an argument’s position. for example, instead of providing reasons to back up a claim, the writer relies on feelings to persuade the reader. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits appeal to emotion or does not commit
An argument is not persuasive if it does not convince the reader to agree with its conclusion. given an argument and the topic of the debate, decide whether it is persuasive or not persuasive.
An argument is missing charity if it attributes false motives to the other side or criticizes people rather than their ideas. decide whether the argument lacks charity or does not lack charity
You are given two arguments. decide whether they have the same stance towards a question (yes vs. no).
Given two sets of premises: determine which of the two has more support for the conclusion.
An argument displays toxic reasoning if its premises are false, irrelevant, misleading, or deceptive. decide whether the argument has toxic reasoning or not toxic reasoning
Consider the following statement: argument a is more convincing because it provides stronger evidence for the claim being made. would you agree with this statement?
The key question to answer is: does the author provide us with additional knowledge or insight regarding the topic?
A rebuttal is defined here as any adu that contradicts another adu in the same written argument. generate a new adu that rebuts the given premise.
Given a topic sentence and an argument, decide whether the argument is consistent with the topic or not.
Argument conclusions are concise when they do not include any redundant premise-related content, meaning no word from the conclusion appears more than once. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of conciseness?
An argumentation should be seen as coherent if its different parts are connected in a meaningful way. this includes the connection between single sentences within one paragraph as well as connections between paragraphs. in this regard, notice that some connections may be clear and thus left implicit. how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The content of an argumentation is persuasive if it convinces people with facts, reasons, examples, explanations, etc. in particular, the choice of words and the grammatical complexity are appropriate for creating credibility and emotions. moreover, the presented information is relevant to the issue at hand and logically consistent throughout the text. note that there can be different perspectives regarding how credible and emotional an argumentation appears and whether the presented information is truly relevant and logical. within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue), some parts may be clear (e.g., the issue) and thus left implicit. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author's argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Generate multiple counter-arguments for the given argument.
An argument is not committed if it contains phrases that indicate the author’s lack of conviction, such as “i think”, “i believe” or “in my opinion”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument should be seen as having an acceptable conclusion if the conclusion follows logically from the premises, i.e., if one accepts all premises, then one must also accept the conclusion. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s conclusion on a scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A premise of an argument should be seen as relevant if it contributes to the acceptance or rejection of the argument’s conclusion, i.e., if you think it is worthy of being considered as a reason, evidence, or similar regarding the conclusion. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight
Identify all the words that express stance in the given text.
An argument should be seen as locally acceptable if its premises are individually acceptable in the light of what we know with certainty, either directly or indirectly through reliable methods of investigation. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is logically deceptive if the logical reasoning used in it is not sound, i.e., its premises do not support its conclusion. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
Given a claim and a set of premises, the task is to predict if there exists an argumentative relation between them. the output should be in the format: "premise: <premise> --> claim: <claim>" or "claim: <claim> --> premise: <premise>"
An argument is considered to be fallacious if it contains a logical error. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains fallacy or does not contain fallacy.
Given a controversial topic, generate a set of beliefs opposing the given opinion.
A missing intelligibility occurs when a person's argument is unintelligible to most people who read it. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing intelligibility or does not have missing intelligibility
An argumentation should be seen as globally comprehensible if it is possible to follow the line of thought of the author, i.e., if one understands why the author makes certain statements and/or arrives at certain conclusions. given the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement: argument b is more convincing because it is more global comprehensible than argument a?
Which argument (argument a or argument b) is more convincing?
An argumentation should be seen as successful in persuading its readers if most people from the expected target audience would agree with the author’s position after reading the argumentation. it should be seen as unsuccessful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the persuasive effect of the argumentation, then do not judge it to be unpersuasive. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in persuading its readers on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The strength of an argumentation should be seen as high if all claims are supported by a sufficient amount of reasons and evidence, i.e., the provided reasons and evidence justify each claim and make it more believable. how would you rate the strength of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a topic and an argumentative claim, generate a list of counterarguments refuting the claim.
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b). determine whether they have similar stances towards the issue being discussed.
An argument is missing intelligibility if it is inappropriate because of reasons such as poor grammar, spelling mistakes, use of abbreviations, incomprehensible sentences etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing intelligibility or not missing intelligibility
Given a pair of argument clauses coming from different documents, decide whether one clause attacks the other clause or not.
Identify the contradiction that contains conflicting ideas in the given argument.
Given an argument, select the correct warrant that explains reasoning of this particular argument.
Generate a claim for the given controversial topic.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it has too many unsupported reasons, i.e., there are more premises than what can be supported by evidence.
An argument has detrimental orthography if it contains excessive use of capitalization or punctuation which is not appropriate to convey emphasis on certain words or phrases in an argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography.
A conclusion is relevant for an issue if it contributes to the resolution of the issue, i.e., if it provides information that helps to arrive at an ultimate conclusion regarding the discussed issue. you should be open to see a conclusion as relevant even if it does not your match your stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided conclusion is worthy of being considered within the discussion of the issue. decide whether the conclusion in the given argument is relevant for the issue or not.
Given the following two arguments, decide which one is more convincing. provide a reason for your choice.
An argument is logically flawed if it contains a logical fallacy, i.e., a flaw in the reasoning process that renders an argument invalid. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is logically flawed or is not logically flawed.
An argument is missing a commitment if it does not include a clear claim, e.g., it contains only questions or statements that do not take a stand on the issue under discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Given the following two argumentative discourse units, determine whether there is an attacking relation between them. if so, indicate whether it is a rebutting attack or an undercutting attack.
An argumentative claim is missing commitment if it does not express any opinion regarding the debated topic, e.g., due to being irrelevant or unclear. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
The author of this text does not use any rhetorical devices to enhance their argumentation. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author's argumentation on a scale from 1 (low) to 3 (high)?
An argument is missing factuality if it provides incorrect factual premises or wrong conclusions derived from the provided premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks factuality or does not lack factuality
An argument is detrimental orthography if it uses offensive language, hate speech or profanity which may cause harm to individuals or groups based on race, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation etc.. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or is not detrimental orthography
An ad hominem argument attacks the person making the argument instead of the argument itself. given the following argument and the author of that argument. decide whether the argument is ad hominem or not ad hominem
The premise of an argument should be seen as necessary if it makes a unique contribution to the support for the argument’s conclusion (i.e., without this premise, the remaining premises would not provide sufficient support). how would you rate the necessity of each of the author’s premises on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is toxic if it contains emotional language, such as hate speech, insults, profanity, obscenity, vulgarity, swearing, threats, harassment, bullying, name-calling, ad hominem attacks, or otherwise abusive or offensive content. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic
An argument has missing premise if one or more premises are missing from the argument. decide whether the argument lacks openness or does not lack openness
A rebuttal is a counter-statement to another thesis, argument, claim, etc. is the following argument clause a rebuttal?
An argument should be seen as rational if its premises have been chosen in a way that makes them suitable for justifying the conclusion, i.e., if they provide reasons, evidence, or similar for accepting the conclusion. you should judge about the “aggregate” rationality of the author’s argumentation—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the rationality of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the evidence for each argumentative discourse unit in the given argument.
Given a controversial topic, generate a claim that can be used in an argumentative essay on the topic.
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if all the stated arguments support the author’s stance. if the author’s stance is not explicitly mentioned in the text, we assume that the author supports the main topic being discussed. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has lack of authority if it fails to provide sources for its claims that are trustworthy and have expertise on the topic. decide whether the argument has lack of authority or does not have lack of authority
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it adequately rebuts those counter-arguments to its conclusion that are explicitly stated within the argumentation itself. notice that an argumentation may rebut all objections raised by other participants but still not address some main objection that can be anticipated, e.g., because no one else has mentioned this objection so far. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Generate a sentence that is an argument for the given topic.
A premise has missing commitment if its author does not commit to its content, i.e., they do not express a positive attitude towards the proposition expressed by the premise. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
An argument has a fallacy if it is logically invalid or contains false premises. decide whether the given argument has fallacies or does not have fallacies
Extract all the premise-conclusion relations from the following paragraph.
Identify whether the evidence provided supports the claim made in the text.
An argument is missing relevance if it does not contribute to the resolution of the discussed issue and/or provides arguments or other information that are irrelevant within the discussion of the issue. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is emotioned if it is inappropriate because of reasons related to displaying anger, sadness, fear, joy, disgust, surprise, contempt, interest, anticipation, trust, or confidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is emotioned or not emotioned
Given a philosophical concept, generate an argumentative claim that defends or critiques the concept.
The task is to predict for two sentences if they are part of the same argument.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it provides adequate evidence for each premise involved in the inference from premises to conclusion. this means that there must be enough support for every step in the reasoning process. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is not sufficiently substantiated if there are too few reasons given or if they do not provide enough evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks substantiation or does not lack substantiation
An argument is missing sufficiency if its premise(s) do not provide enough evidence to support the conclusion, or when the reasons given for accepting a claim do not adequately justify the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
Argumentative essays often contain counterarguments - points made by opponents of the author's position. these counterarguments help to strengthen the author's own argument by showing that he or she has considered multiple perspectives. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is better than argument b because it addresses counterarguments.
An argument is seen as missing a conclusion if it does not contain a clear statement of the author’s stance towards the topic or his/her opinion about the topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument shows missing conclusion or not missing conclusion
A comment should be seen as informative if it contributes to the resolution of the given issue by providing facts and/or explanations. in your view, how much information does this comment contribute to the resolution of the discussed issue? how would you rate the informativeness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient when all premises support their respective conclusions with at least some degree of force. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether you see any obvious gaps between premises and conclusions. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the given sentence an example of a conclusion?
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if its contents are not offensive to the expected target audience, i.e., if there is no apparent reason why a member of this audience would feel offended by reading or listening to the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has missing information if its components (claims and premises) lack some important details needed for supporting the conclusion. decide whether the argument has missing information or does not have missing information
An argument is unintelligible if it contains severe orthographic errors, spelling mistakes or grammar errors that make it hard to understand what the author wants to say. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is unintelligible due to orthography or not unintelligible due to orthography
How would you rate the strength of the author’s argument on a scale from "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)? the strength of an argument is how well its premises support its conclusion.
Does the following argument represent a valid conclusion for the stated premise?
Argument conclusions are interesting when they contain premise-related content that is unexpected, surprising or intriguing. is the conclusion interesting?
Identify the stance of the given text with respect to the given claim as "support", "deny" or "query".
An argumentation should be seen as appropriate if it is suitable to achieve persuasion within the given setting. in particular, notice that some forms of argumentation may be inappropriate within online debates, e.g., personal insults, long digressions about unrelated issues, etc. how would you rate the appropriateness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is irrelevant if it discusses a related issue but derails the discussion towards that issue instead of discussing the main issue at hand. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if they are true or at least rationally defensible. notice that acceptability does not presuppose sufficiency. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the following argument clause a premise that has been attacked in the debate?
An argument is lacking relevance if it contains premises that are irrelevant to the conclusion or when the conclusion itself is irrelevant to the topic under discussion. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is considered to have missing commitment if it does not express any opinion or viewpoint about the topic of discussion. decide whether the given argument has a missing commitment or not.
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b) with respect to a given topic, decide which one is more convincing.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as convincing if it uses language that appeals to your emotions and/or beliefs in a way that is likely to persuade you of the author’s conclusion. in doubt, give more credit to emotional appeal than to belief appeal due to its higher potential impact. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument a is more convincing because it has better credibility, reliability or confidence.
An argument is missing credibility if it lacks proper referencing of the information sources, or the references to the sources are broken (i.e., link does not lead to referenced source). given the following argument. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
An argumentative discourse unit (adu) can be thought of as a claim-premise relation. given an adu, rewrite it such that it improves in terms of text quality and/or argument quality, and preserves the meaning as far as possible.
The following question relates to your judgment about the global relevance of the author’s argumentation for the discussed issue. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing relevance when it does not contribute meaningfully to the discussion. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Is the following clause an argumentative discourse unit?
An argument has insufficient premise if the premise(s) does not support the conclusion. decide whether the argument has insufficient premise or does not have insufficient premise
An argument is well structured if it clearly presents reasons that support the claim(s) made by the author. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as well-presented if it uses language appropriately and expresses itself clearly. this includes correct spelling and grammar, proper wording, understandable formulations, etc. how would you rate the presentation of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the following two arguments (argument a and argument b) that discuss a topic. decide whether they have different opinions or not.
Given a pair of argument clauses coming from the same document, determine which clause is more central to the topic of the debate
An argument makes a false dilemma fallacy if it unfairly presents too few choices and insinuates that a choice must be made between them when there are additional options. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains false dilemma fallacy or does not contain false dilemma fallacy
You are given an argument, its claim and a reason. your task is to choose the correct warrant that explains reasoning of this particular argument.
An argumentation should be seen as successful in persuading its target audience if it achieves the intended effect of persuasion, i.e., if it has actually convinced at least one member of the expected target audience who was initially undecided or even opposed to the standpoint defended by the argumentation. it should be seen as not successful if this did not happen. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in persuading its target audience on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has good reasoning if it displays clear and logically connected components (claims and premises). decide whether the argument has good reasoning or does not have good reasoning
Argument conclusions are clear when their meaning is easily understandable and they express their point without ambiguities. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of clarity?
An argument is lacking common ground if it assumes things about the audience that they do not necessarily share (e.g., values, assumptions) without justifying those assumptions first. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks common ground or does not lack common ground
The ad hominem fallacy occurs when someone tries to discredit their opponent by attacking their character rather than addressing what they said. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits the ad hominem fallacy or does not commit the ad hominem fallacy.
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative essay analyzing their positions and interests.
An argument has missing commitment if the author is not committed to its content, for example by using words such as "may", "might", or "could". given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
Given the following two arguments, which argument would you say is better?
What is the correct conclusion of this argument? there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
The fallacy of appeal to authority occurs when an argument tries to support its position merely by deferring to some form of (unqualified) authority. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains appeal to authority or does not contain appeal to authority
An argument commits equivocation fallacy if it uses a word with multiple meanings in different ways within the same argument. for example: freedom means being able to do what you want, but also means not having any restrictions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits equivocation fallacy or does not commit equivocation fallacy
An argument is missing premises if it does not present enough reasons for its conclusion(s). notice that there may be implicit premises (e.g., assumptions) that are left out by the author but can be reasonably added to make the argument complete. also notice that you may see an argument as lacking premises even though you do not personally accept all of them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks premises or does not lack premises
You are given two arguments a and b about the same topic. decide which one is more convincing (a vs. b) for you personally.
A premise is intelligible if it is clearly understandable by a typical audience member. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has an intelligible premise or not intelligible premise
An argument has toxic emotions if the emotions appealed to are deceptive or their intensities do not provide room for critical evaluation of the
An argument has weak generalization if its conclusions are based on insufficient evidence. decide whether the argument has weak generalization or does not have weak generalization
Given a controversial topic, an argument and a set of beliefs. determine whether the given argument is likely to be convincing for someone holding these beliefs.
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if they are true or at least plausible enough to make it rational for us to believe them. notice that there may be some premises that you do not personally accept but still see as acceptable, e.g., “the bible says so”. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are strong when they follow from the premise with sufficient certainty. is conclusion a stronger than conclusion b in terms of strength?
An argument is morally deceptive if it appeals to emotions which are based on false assumptions or beliefs about what is moral or immoral. decide whether the argument is morally deceptive or not morally deceptive
An argumentation should be seen as internally consistent if it does not contain arguments that contradict each other. you may see an argumentation as internally inconsistent even though you do not consider the given issue from the same perspective as the author, i.e., even though some of the stated arguments do not seem convincing to you. how would you rate the internal consistency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the main conclusion of the given argument.
Classify the stance of the given document towards the given target.
A premise of an argument is a statement that supports another statement in the argument (its conclusion). is there a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Argument conclusions are well-defined when they clearly state what they aim to prove. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of clarity?
Given a warrant, select the correct argument consisting of claim and reason. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
An argument is appropriate if it does not contain any detrimental orthography (e.g., typos), toxic emotions (e.g., hate speech), missing commitment (i.e., lack of clear stance) or missing intelligibility (i.e., hard to understand). decide whether the argument is appropriate or not appropriate
Extract the main points of an argumentative text.
The following text contains an argument. find the conclusion.
Identify the most important argument in the following text.
What kind of relation exists between elementary units x and y of the same argument? differentiate between evidence to claim, reason for claim, objection, rebuttal and no relation. relations in this scheme are five prevalent ways in which propositions relate to each other: reason for claim (r), evidence to claim (e), objection (o), rebuttal (b) and no relation (-). r indicates that x provides a reason for y; e indicates that x provides evidence for y; o indicates that x expresses doubt about y; b indicates that x counters an objection expressed in y; and - indicates that x and y are unrelated. for example, “the only issue i have is that the volume starts to degrade a little bit after about six“and i find i have to buy a new pair every year or so.”(x) and “i am very happy with these headphones”(y).
An argument is classified as having missing acceptability if it contains words or phrases that are not acceptable to the target audience, such as profanity, insults, and hate speech. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing acceptability or not.
An argumentation should be seen as globally understandable if it is easy to understand and comprehend. please judge about global comprehensibility according to whether the overall structure of an argumentation that you see is clear, i.e., whether it is obvious which premises support which conclusions in the argumentation. how would you rate the global comprehensibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The relevance of an argument is defined here as its appropriateness for the given topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each single argument within it is sufficiently supported. notice that it is not generally clear what counts as sufficient support. there may be cases where no conclusive evidence is available. please judge about local sufficiency according to your own standards of adequate evidence. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is convincing if it is relevant to the discussion at hand and succeeds in persuading the reader by making use of appropriate rhetorical devices. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has convincing or does not have convincing
An argument is well-structured if it has a clear structure, which makes it easy to follow and understand. given the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). decide whether the statement “argument a is more convincing because it is well structured” holds true or not.
Identify the category of the provided argument as either being pro, contra, other, or none.
Is the argument personal attack?
An argument is detrimental to orthography if it has too many spelling mistakes, uses excessive capitalization, or is written in all caps. decide whether the argument displays detrimental orthography or does not display detrimental orthography
Given two arguments that are in support of the same stance, determine which one is more convincing.
An argument is lacking commitment when its conclusion is ambiguous, vague or unclear. this means that the argument lacks an unambiguous position towards the issue discussed within the debate. it may also be that the argument contradicts itself or that it only discusses possible positions without taking a stance. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Is the argument original and creative?
Given two arguments, evaluate which one of them is more reliable.
Argument conclusions are reliable if they can be trusted to be true and accurate based on the available evidence and reasoning provided. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of reliability?
An argument has detrimental orthography if the writing style includes grammatical errors, spelling mistakes, typos, or other elements that detract from the readability of the text. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or not
Is the argument safe and secure?
An argument is missing sufficiency if it fails to prove what it needs to prove, e.g., by providing insufficient evidence for its claims, by assuming without warrant something essential to its case, or by ignoring some crucial step in the reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
Identify the argumentation scheme used in a given argument.
An argument is missing logical coherence if the reader cannot follow how the author’s ideas are connected, e.g., when there are contradictions between different parts of the argument or when some sentences do not fit into the context. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks logical coherence or does not lack logical coherence
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it ignores relevant context surrounding an issue failing to consider how things might change over time or under certain circumstances.
Rate how much do you agree or disagree with the following statement: "argument b" is less convincing because it is attacking, abusive or disrespectful.
Given a topic of debate and a set of talking
Given a short text, extract the main argument and its premises. the output should be in the format: "premise: <premise> --> claim: <claim>" or "claim: <claim>"
Consider the following two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the conclusion of argument a is more convincing because it has a better structure, meaning that it uses clear language and logical reasoning to support its claims.
Given an argument and its topic, generate a counterargument that is intelligible but has language issues, bad grammar, uses humor, jokes or sarcasm.
An argument's conclusion can be seen as justified if the provided information and arguments appear adequate for supporting the author’s stance on the discussed issue. how would you rate the justification of the conclusion on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing sufficiency if there are important aspects of the topic that are not addressed by the author’s premises and/or if the arguments for the opposing viewpoints are not adequately considered. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
An argument is missing relevance if it introduces new aspects into the discussion that are irrelevant to the central topic under debate. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is relevant if it supports the claim it was supposed to support and does not include unnecessary information. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is relevant or irrelevant.
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if it addresses those aspects of the given issue that matter most for its resolution. notice that this may depend on how much information was already provided by other arguments in the discussion. also notice that it may not always be clear what matters most for resolving the given issue. please judge about global relevance according to what you consider important for the resolution of the given issue. how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The style of the argumentation seems appropriate given the context (an online debate forum). the language used creates credibility and emotions while also being proportional to the issue at hand. the choice of words and grammatical complexity seem suitable for the setting and match with how credibility and emotions are created via the content of the argumentation. therefore, i would rate the appropriateness of the style as a 2 out of 3.
An argument is missing completeness if it does not address all relevant aspects of the topic or if it leaves out important information that could strengthen the argument. decide whether the argument lacks completeness or does not lack completeness
An argument is persuasive if it convinces someone of something, i.e., if it has the power to induce action or belief toward a particular thing. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following argument and a topic of the debate, decide whether this is an appropriate or inappropriate argument.
A comment is more persuasive than another one if it provides stronger support for its position by using facts, evidence, and logical reasoning, while also addressing counterarguments and refuting them effectively. the key question to answer is: does the author intend to convince us clearly about his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic?
Identify the bias that reveals prejudice in the given argument.
An argument is detrimental to orthography if it contains spelling errors, grammar mistakes, slang, l33t speak, excessive punctuation, etc. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography
An argument is non-redundant if all parts are necessary for understanding the meaning of the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is non-redundant or is redundant.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it uses emotional appeals, fallacies, logical errors, faulty reasoning, exaggerations, misleading information, loaded language, circular logic, straw man arguments, ad hominem attacks, false dichotomies, red herrings, bandwagoning, appeal to authority, slippery slope, begging the question, post hoc ergo propter hoc, non sequitur, hasty generalization, false analogy, equivocation, anecdotal evidence, cherry picking, confirmation bias, cognitive dissonance, etc.
Identify and extract key points from a large collection of arguments on a given topic.
Argument conclusions are relevant when they discuss the issue but do not derail the discussion implicitly towards a related issue or shift completely towards a different issue. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of relevance?
Identify all instances of ad hominem attacks in the given text.
An argument is a logical fallacy if it uses reasoning that is logically incorrect. would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it uses reasoning that is logically incorrect.
A conclusion can be seen as a summary of the argument. given two conclusions: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of summarization?
An argumentation should be seen as dialectically effective if the stated arguments defend the author’s stance against possible objections. notice that there may be other ways to attack the author’s view that have not been considered. how would you rate the dialectical effectiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has no verifiability if there is no possibility to check the truthfulness of its content. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks verifiability or does not lack verifiability.
The claim of an argument is defined as the conclusion of the argument. extract the central claim from the following argumentative text
An argument can be considered as "well-grounded" if it provides reasons for all claims that need to be justified and/or presents evidence for all factual claims. how would you rate the grounding of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if the premises of its arguments provide adequate support for their conclusions. notice that there may be cases where it is infeasible to fully prove a conclusion, e.g., when one argues about an ethical issue or other controversial matter. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether the provided support is enough to justify the claim within the given context and discussion. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument a is less convincing because it has no reasoning or less reasoning. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?
The quality of reasoning behind an argumentation should be seen as high if the given premises provide sufficient grounds for accepting the argument’s conclusion. try to adequately weight your judgments about sufficiency of the provided premises and correctness of the inference from the premises to the conclusion when judging about the quality of the reasoning—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. in doubt, give more credit to the sufficiency of the premises than to the correctness of the inference due to the limited feasibility of the latter. how would you rate the quality of the reasoning behind the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it uses evidence, facts, data, statistics, research studies, case studies, examples, anecdotes, testimonials, quotes, references, citations, sources, or other forms of proof to support its claims.
An argument has a logical fallacy if the premises do not support the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether it is logical fallacious or not logical fallacious.
A statement can be seen as biased if it presents facts or opinions one-sidedly, i.e., without considering alternative perspectives, interpretations, or explanations. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is biased or not biased
A fallacy occurs when someone uses an invalid argument to try to persuade someone else to believe something. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains fallacy or does not contain fallacy.
Distinguish, whether the comment is reasoned regarding the discussed topic or not (not reasoned). the key question to answer is: do we see reasons for the opinion expressed by the author?
We say that an argument has no proper reasoning when it lacks logical consistency between the premise(s) and conclusion, or when there is no evidence provided to support the claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has no proper reasoning or has proper reasoning
An argument has false premises if it contains claims that are not true or cannot be proven to be true. decide whether the argument has false premises or does not have false premises
Identify all propositions that contradict each other in the given text.
Given a pair of arguments, decide whether the first argument follows logically from the second argument (entailed or not entailed).
Determine whether the following argument clause is a conclusion
An argument should be seen as locally acceptable if its premises are true or likely to be true. notice that this may depend on contextually provided information. please judge about local acceptability according to whether the premise(s) of an argument that you identify are true or likely to be true. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Decide which of these statements is true: the first segment... ...explicitly attacks the second segment. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks the second segment. ...makes no use of the second segment. ...vaguely/implicitly supports the second segment. ...explicitly supports the second segment.
An argument has insufficient premises if the reasons given in the argument are either too few or irrelevant. this means that the reader cannot reasonably infer the conclusion from the information provided by the author. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient premises or does not have insufficient premises
An argument has triviality if its content is so obvious as to require no further explanation or justification. decide whether the argument has triviality or does not have triviality
An argument is redundant if its content has been stated before in the discussion thread and does not add any new insights. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is redundant or not redundant
For a claim to be considered good evidence for its conclusion, it must be both true and relevant. how would you rate the truthfulness of the author’s premises on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is persuasive if it can convince others to adopt the author’s viewpoint. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument persuasive or unpersuasive
An argument has irrelevant content if some of its information is unrelated to its main point or goal. decide whether the argument has irrelevant content or does not have irrelevant content
Given a claim and reason, generate an explanation that explains the reasoning of this argument.
The acceptability of an argument’s premises depends on whether one considers them true or false, reasonable or unreasonable, based on what one knows about the world, including facts and values. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments, decide which one is more convincing because it has more details, information, facts, examples, reasons, better arguments, goes deeper or is more specific and provokes thought and is more concise and well-reasoned and logical.
An argument lacks commitment if it is either irrelevant for the discussion, does not support any position or only states a claim without providing evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment.
An argumentation should be seen as successful in using the target audience’s perspective if it includes arguments and other information that are relevant for the beliefs and attitudes of the target audience and/or uses language that is appropriate for the target audience. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in using the target audience’s perspective on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The following two adus are connected by an argumentative relation. identify the type of relation between them: support or attack.
An argument is deceptive if it contains any kind of deception which aims at winning, derailing, or ending the discussion. decide whether the argument is deceptive or not deceptive
Would you agree with the following statement? argument b is less convincing because it has weaker reasoning or worse evidence than argument a.
The quality of an argument depends on how well it supports the author’s position and how relevant it is to the topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument supports author position or does not support author position.
The quality of an argument can be measured by its ability to persuade or convince a reader, taking into account factors such as logic, evidence, clarity, and emotional appeal. how would you rate the quality of this argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The quality of an argument refers to how well it supports its thesis and addresses potential counterarguments. an essay with high argument quality presents a clear and logical case for its position, acknowledges and responds to opposing viewpoints, and uses relevant and reliable sources to support its claims. score the argument quality of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not present a clear argument or relies on unsupported assertions) 1.5 2.0 (essay presents a basic argument but fails to address counterarguments or uses weak sources) 2.5 3.0 (essay presents a solid argument but could be more thorough in addressing counterarguments or using stronger sources) 3.5 4.0 (essay presents a well-developed argument that effectively addresses counterarguments and uses strong sources)
A response is well-written if it expresses ideas clearly and concisely. it should use proper language, spelling, and grammar. how would you rate the writing style of the author’s response on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument quality refers to how well an essay supports its thesis with evidence and reasoning. an essay with a high argument quality score presents strong reasons for its thesis that are well supported by relevant evidence and logically connected. score the argument quality of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not support its thesis with any evidence or reasons) 1.5 2.0 (essay attempts to support its thesis but provides little or no evidence or reasons) 2.5 3.0 (essay supports its thesis with some evidence or reasons but they may be weak or irrelevant) 3.5 4.0 (essay supports its thesis with strong evidence or reasons that are relevant and logically connected)
An argument has an unbalanced perspective if it discusses only one side of the issue, without considering other relevant aspects. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has unbalanced perspective or does not have unbalanced perspective
The strength of an argument refers to how well its premises support its conclusion. it can be seen as a measure for the degree to which we should accept the conclusion if we accept the premises. how would you rate the strength of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The argument contains an appeal to ignorance fallacy if it uses lack of proof as its main support. for example: “the government has been hiding aliens for years because no one can prove otherwise.” given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains appeal to ignorance fallacy or does not contain appeal to ignorance fallacy
An argumentation should be seen as clear if it uses a language that is understandable to everyone from the expected target audience. in your view, there should not be any words or phrases that are unusual for the discussed issue within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue). how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has unclarity if its content cannot be easily comprehended due to poor wording. decide whether the argument has unclarity or does not have unclarity.
An argument has missing premises if some of the information needed to understand and evaluate the argumentation is not explicitly provided by the author but needs to be inferred from context. decide whether the argument has missing premises or does not have missing premises
Given the following two arguments, determine if they are from the same debate or different debates
Given an argument consisting of
Argument conclusions are concise if they express their ideas in as few words as possible while still conveying all necessary information. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of conciseness?
Given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), decide whether argument a has a better structure than argument b, or vice versa.
An argument is missing intellectual humility if it fails to recognize its own limitations and fallibility, or overstates the strength of one's position. decide whether the argument lacks intellectual humility or does not lack intellectual humility.
Determine whether a given comment is persuasive regarding the discussed topic or not. persuasive comments have a clear attitude towards the topic.
An argument can be considered to have strong reasoning if it contains a chain of logic that follows from its premises to its conclusion (or vice versa). decide whether the argument has strong reasoning or not strong reasoning
Generate a set of arguments for and against the given debate topic.
An argument has circular reasoning if one of its components (claims or premises) can only be accepted by assuming another component. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
Given a topic, extract the main claims from the following argumentative texts.
Is the following a valid conclusion?
Given the following two versions of the same claim (claim 1 and claim 2), determine which of the two is better.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if all stated premises can be accepted by everyone from the expected target audience without further justification. notice that this does not necessarily imply that they need to agree with them but just that they do not reject them out-of-hand based solely upon their own personal beliefs or values. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as sound if all of its premises are true. notice that it is not always clear what truth means. for example, opinions cannot be judged for their truth value. in such cases, please judge about soundness according to whether all premises could be accepted by most people. how would you rate the soundness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it establishes common ground with the audience, shows respect for their opinions, needs, interests, goals, values, or identities, and seeks to find areas of agreement or compromise.
An argument is considered to be a rant if it does not provide any factual evidence or reasoning, but only expresses the author’s personal opinion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a rant or is not a rant
An argument is missing relevance if it does not address the issue being discussed, but instead introduces another topic or addresses a different point. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Identify any gaps in logic in the given argument.
Consider the argument below. would you agree with the following statement?the argument has confusing reasoning, i.e., its components (claims and premises) seem not to be connected logically
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if it is clear how the different arguments are related to each other. for instance, one argument may support another argument or an argument may contradict another argument. notice that, within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue), some relations may be clear and thus left implicit. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing credibility if it makes use of unreliable sources (news, blogs, articles, etc.). decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility.
Given two arguments (one for each side), determine which argument is more convincing?
An argument is missing commitment if it fails to take a position in the debate. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
An argument is fallacious when it has no evidential support, the evidence is irrelevant, the argument lacks coherence, there is a logical error, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has fallacies or does not have fallacies.
Given two arguments from different sides of a debate, decide whether they are relevant to each other or not. relevance means that the arguments discuss similar topics/aspects.
An argument commits appeal to authority fallacy if it uses an expert’s opinion as proof for its conclusion without considering other relevant factors. for example: “scientists say that global warming is real, therefore it must be true”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits appeal to authority fallacy or does not commit appeal to authority fallacy.
Distinguish, whether the comment is reasonable regarding the discussed topic or not (unreasonable). the key question to answer is: are the reasons provided by the author reasonable and well-founded?
An argument that lacks specificity is not detailed enough to be considered a reasonable contribution to a debate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks specificity or does not lack specificity
The task is to decide if an argument is well-structured or not. an argument has well-structured reasoning if its components (claims and premises) seem to be connected logically in such a way that there is no confusion about their logical relations. decide whether the argument has well-structured reasoning or does not have well-structured reasoning
Determine if an argumentation is locally sufficient by judging whether the conclusion follows from the premises in that argumentation. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has fallacy of begging the question if it assumes something to be true without providing any proof. decide whether the argument has begging the question or does not have begging the question
A well-formed argument should be consistent with itself and its context. it should avoid contradictory statements, use appropriate language for the given context, and address relevant issues to the discussion at hand. how would you rate the quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing intelligibility if it is inappropriate because it is incomprehensible, hard to understand, ambiguous, vague, confusing, meaningless, illogical, cryptic, coded, filled with slang, misspelled words, grammatically incorrect, or cannot be understood well enough to rate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing intelligibility or not missing intelligibility
Is the argument timeless and enduring?
An argument is missing well-formedness if it has at least one formal error. for example, spelling mistakes, grammatical errors, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks well-formedness or does not lack well-formedness.
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative claim that is likely to be persuasive to someone with the following beliefs.
An argument has emotional appeals if it relies heavily on emotion rather than rational thought, potentially swaying readers through fear mongering, guilt tripping, etc.. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has emotional appeals or does not have emotional appeals
Consider the following statement: the author’s argument is weak because it has too few details, information, facts, examples, reasons, arguments, goes too shallow or is too general. would you agree with this statement?
An argument is linguistically deceptive if it contains linguistic tricks such as using vague words, ambiguous language, or euphemisms. decide whether the argument is linguistically deceptive or not linguistically deceptive
Given the following arguments and the topic of the debate that these arguments appeared in, decide which one is more convincing.
An argument has unfounded assumptions if its premises are based on unproven beliefs or opinions. decide whether the argument has unfounded assumptions or does not have unfounded assumptions
The false cause fallacy occurs when someone argues that just because one thing follows another, the first thing must have caused the second. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument commits a false cause fallacy or does not commit a false cause fallacy.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is more relevant, on-topic, addresses the main point or the question asked, provides better evidence, answers the question or is more accurate.
An argument has a problem with evidence when there is no reference to external sources or the source used is not reliable. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has evidence issues or does not have evidence issues
For the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), which argument is more convincing? 1: argument a, 2: argument b
Determine whether the given argument is tautology or not. tautology refers to arguments that repeat the same idea multiple times without adding new information or evidence. for example, "a = b; therefore, a = b". given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has tautology or does not have tautology
Identify all of the claims in the given argument.
Argument b is less convincing because it is off topic.
Given the following two arguments, determine whether argument b is more convincing than argument a because it provides more information to support its claim.
The relevance of an argumentation should be seen as high if all arguments are related to the discussed issue and support the author’s stance on this issue, i.e., if they support the conclusion that is drawn from them. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
You are given a pair of arguments from a discussion on a specific topic. determine whether these arguments express the same stance towards the topic or not.
An argument is missing explicitness if it does not make clear what the author intends to say. decide whether the argument lacks explicitness or does not lack explicitness
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). is there any logical fallacy in these arguments?
Is the given passage an argument?
An argument has unclear structure if it lacks logical flow, such that it remains unclear how the premises are meant to support the conclusion (it could also be unrelated to the conclusion). given the following argument. decide whether the argument has unclear structure or clear structure.
An argument is missing a balanced perspective if it only presents one side of an issue and does not consider alternative viewpoints or counterarguments. decide whether the argument lacks balanced perspective or does not lack balanced perspective
An argument is said to be well-arranged when the order of its premises, conclusion and topic are in a proper arrangement. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well-arranged or not well-arranged.
Is the following statement true or false?argument b is more convincing because it is well thought out, has smart remarks or is more complex.
An argumentation should be seen as being globally sufficient if it includes enough material to fully address the given issue. this means that the argumentation should provide reasons for all claims made by the author, and also respond to possible objections against those claims. how would you rate the degree of global sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is spamming if it posts too many comments in a short period of time. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is spamming or not spamming
An argument is detrimental vocabulary if it uses inappropriate language, e.g. slang, swearwords, offensive or insulting expressions, or overly informal style. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental vocabulary or does not have detrimental vocabulary
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if it responds to a specific aspect of another argumentation, e.g., if it attacks one of the claims made in the other argumentation. the responding argumentation need not respond to all aspects of the other argumentation but only to some of them. how would you rate the local relevance of the author's argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has a circular reasoning if it contains an argumentative fallacy, in which the reasoner begins with what they are trying to end up with. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning.
An argument has detrimental orthography if it contains too many emojis, emoticons, acronyms, hashtags, abbreviations, slang, misspellings, non-standard capitalizations, repeated letters, repeated punctuation marks, all-caps, intentional grammatical errors, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography
An argument is irrelevant if it discusses aspects that are not related to the main point of the discussion. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or not irrelevant
An argumentation should be seen as globally intelligible if it is understandable and free of ambiguities. notice that an argumentation might not be intelligible because it contains too many details, because some parts of it are left implicit, or simply because it is ambiguous. please judge about global intelligibility according to how well you understand the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the global intelligibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if it doesn’t take a stance towards the debated topic. for instance, when the argument only states facts about the topic but does not express any opinion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
An argument lacks logic if its structure makes it hard to follow, e.g., by jumping between unrelated points or using circular arguments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks logic or does not lack logic
Decide which of the following statements best describes the relation between argument a and argument b:argument a is more convincing because it is more balanced, objective, discusses several points of view, well-rounded or addresses flaws in opposing views.argument a is more convincing for other reasons.argument b is more convincing because it is more balanced, objective, discusses several points of view, well-rounded or addresses flaws in opposing views.argument b is more convincing for other reasons.the arguments are equally convincing.
In order to determine the strength of an argument, we need to evaluate its relevance to the topic at hand as well as how convincing it is overall. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is strong or weak.
An argument has excessive intensity if the emotions appealed to by are unnecessarily strong for the discussed issue. decide whether the following argument is excessively intense or not excessively intense
An argument is not intelligible if the text is hard to understand because of spelling, grammar and punctuation errors. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
An argument has well connected components if its components (claims and premises) are connected logically. decide whether the argument has well connected components or not well connected components
Given two claims on a topic, predict whether they are contradictory to each other.
Identify if there is any strawman argumentation in the given text
An argument should be seen as having good style if it is clear, crisp, to the point, and well written. it should also have correct spelling and grammar. how would you rate the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it provides enough reasons to support its claims, backing them up by evidence when needed. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the redundancy that repeats information in the given argument.
An argument is appropriate if it has no severe orthographic errors, does not contain hate speech, offensive language or personal attacks, its premises are related to its conclusion and addresses the topic of the debate. given an argument and a topic, decide whether this argument is appropriate or inappropriate
What type of attack exists from elementary unit x on a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between undercutter, rebuttal and no attack relation. attacks in this scheme include two prevalent ways in which propositions are attacked in practical argumentation: rebuttal and undercutter. the former attacks a subjective proposition whereas the latter attacks an objective one. that is, you cannot rebut an objective proposition. for example, “i have had 4 pairs over the years,”(x) and “the product arrived damage[d],”(y).
An argumentation should be seen as respectful if it shows consideration towards others’ opinions while still presenting own ideas clearly and confidently. it should avoid insulting or ridiculing opponents but also refrain from excessive politeness which can undermine one’s own position. how would you rate the respectfulness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument uses inappropriate sources if it cites unreliable, biased, or untrustworthy sources. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses inappropriate sources or appropriate sources
Given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b) decide which of these statements is true: the argument... ...is more convincing because it provides evidence in support of its claim
Decide whether the author’s argumentation contains an appeal to emotion or not. how would you rate the emotional appeal on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing relevance if it fails to address the main issue or question at hand. it may digress into unrelated topics or fail to connect its claims to the central point of discussion. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Given the following two argumentative discourse units (adus) and their stance towards each other, identify the type of relation between them: support or attack
An argument is irrelevant when at least one of its premises is unrelated to the topic of the argument. decide whether the argument has irrelevant premises or does not have irrelevant premises
Given an argument, a topic, and a stance on that topic, generate a rebuttal to the argument.
Does the given argument contain a slippery slope fallacy?
An argument is coherent if its parts fit together logically and form a consistent whole. it is incoherent if its parts do not fit together logically or do not form a consistent whole. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is coherent or is incoherent
Argument conclusions are well-organized when they are presented in a logical order, with clear transitions between ideas, and without unnecessary repetition or digression. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of organization?
The author's stance in an argument can be seen as well argued if the stated arguments are relevant to the issue discussed and they are logically coherent with one another and with the overall claim. how would you rate the well-arguedness of the author’s stance on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing sufficiency if it fails to provide enough evidence or examples to support its claims, leaving the reader uncertain about the validity of the argument. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency.
An argument has irrelevant content if it contains sentences that do not contribute towards making its point. decide whether the argument has irrelevant content or does not have irrelevant content
An argument is missing commitment if it does not express any clear stance towards the topic of the debate. decide whether the following comment is missing commitment or not missing commitment
Decide if the following sentence contains an argument.
Score the argument strength of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not make an argument or it is often unclear what the argument is) 1.5 2.0 (essay makes a weak argument for its thesis or sometimes even argues against it) 2.5 3.0 (essay makes a decent
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is better written, clear, understandable, easy to follow, readable, concise, coherent, organized, structured, well-structured, logical, consistent, relevant, focused, flows, makes sense or is complete.
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as logical if you can easily follow how the author’s arguments support his or her stance on the discussed issue and how they are related to each other. how would you rate the logicalness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing fairness if it presents only those arguments that support its own point of view while ignoring or downplaying opposing viewpoints. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argumentation should be seen as well-written if it has a clear structure and if it is formulated in an appropriate way (e.g., regarding grammar and orthography). how would you rate the writing style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2
An argument has a hidden assumption if it relies on an unspoken claim that is not clearly justified. decide whether the argument has hidden assumption or does not have hidden assumption
Generate a claim about the given controversial topic tailored to the given beliefs.
An argument is missing commitment if it only provides partial answers to questions raised by other users or if it discusses issues unrelated to the topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment.
A fallacious appeal to authority occurs when an argument cites a person as authoritative on a subject, but the person cited either has no real expertise on the subject or their opinion does not represent the consensus view within their field. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains an appeal to authority or does not contain an appeal to authority.
Given an argumentative claim, determine if the claim contains toxic emotions that are deceptive or their intensities do not provide room for critical evaluation of the topic by the reader. the argument may contain toxic or not toxic emotions.
Given the following argumentative discourse unit (adu) and an adu that is immediately preceding it in the text, determine whether the relation between these two adus is support or attack.
Given an argumentative essay, predict if two clauses coming from the same document are members of the same argument or not.
A premise of an argument should be seen as acceptable if you think that there are good grounds for accepting its content as true or probable (or at least more plausible than false). if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the acceptability of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. is the given text an example of premise acceptability fallacy?
The fallacy of red herring consists in introducing irrelevant material to the issue being discussed so that everyone’s attention is diverted away from the points made. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains
Given two arguments a and b, predict whether they are on the same side or different sides with respect to a topic
Given a pair of arguments (argument a and argument b), determine whether the two arguments are connected by any argumentative relation (e.g. support or attack).
A good argumentative text should be easy to read and understand. it should contain no spelling mistakes and all sentences should be grammatically correct. how would you rate the linguistic quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as comprehensible if its meaning can be understood by anyone who has the necessary background knowledge about the discussed issue and the context in which the discussion takes place. please judge about comprehensibility according to this definition. how would you rate the comprehensibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument premises are relevant when they pertain to the main point or idea being argued and contribute towards supporting the argument’s thesis statement. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument premises are relevant or irrelevant.
Compare two arguments and determine which one is more convincing (argument a or argument b).
An argument is missing reasonableness if it does not contribute to the resolution of the given issue in a sufficient way that is acceptable to everyone from the expected target audience. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks reasonableness or does not lack reasonableness
An argument is non-sufficient if it fails to adequately support its conclusion. this may happen for various reasons. it might be because it has circular reasoning, false premises, lacks seriousness, lacks relevance, lacks backing, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is non-sufficient or is sufficient
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, determine which side of the debate the beliefs align with.
The effectiveness of an argumentation should be seen as high if all points made by the author successfully support his stance without being undermined by potential objections raised against him during the course of the debate. how would you rate the effectiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as relevant if its premises are connected to the argument’s conclusion in a way that makes them count for or against that conclusion. if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weight your judgments about relevance when judging about their “aggregate” relevance—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would
An argument is lacking relevance if the provided examples are unrelated to the topic, if the argument misses the point or if the argument brings up irrelevant points. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Determine if an argument is valid or invalid. an argument is valid when its conclusion follows from its premise, meaning a logical inference links the premise to the conclusion.
Given a topic, generate an argumentative claim that is not too extreme or radical.
Argumentation is often used in the context of politics to persuade people to support a particular candidate, policy, or ideology. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic.
Arguments are well-reasoned if they have sufficient evidence for their claims, e.g., in form of examples, statistics, analogies, etc. moreover, they should provide good reasons to accept the conclusion on the basis of the provided arguments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well-reasoned or not well-reasoned
An argument is not relevant if its content is unrelated to the issue under discussion or if it fails to address the main points made by the opposing side. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is seen as lacking credibility if the author of the argument does not have a reputation for being honest or reliable in this issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
An argument has an unclear structure if it is not clear which parts of the text are claims, premises or conclusions. decide whether the argument has unclear structure or does not have unclear structure
Identify, whether the comment includes a reasoning or not (no reasoning). the key question to answer is: does the author provide reasons for his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic?
An argument is ethically deceptive if it violates the ethical norms of rational discourse. decide whether the argument is ethically deceptive or not ethically deceptive.
Given a topic and a stance towards it, write an argumentative essay in favor of the stance.
An argument has weak evidence if its premises are either false or lack credibility (e.g., hearsay, anecdotal claims). decide whether the argument has weak evidence or does not have weak evidence
Given a controversial topic, generate a set of beliefs that are likely held by people who take different positions on the topic.
Given two arguments on the same topic, would you agree with the following statement? argument a is more convincing because it is not only opinion.
The strength of an argumentation should be seen as high if the used content creates credibility and emotions, and if it provides reasoning to support the claim(s) made by the author. how would you rate the strength of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the type of fallacy (if any) present in the following argumentative text.
A claim can be defined as “a statement, the truth of which is being argued for”. given a sentence and a topic, classify the sentence as a “claim” if it includes a statement about the given topic, or as a “non-claim” if it does not include any statement.
An argument has an appropriate tone if it is respectful, civil and professional. decide whether the argument has appropriate tone or does not have appropriate tone
A claim has a clear meaning if its content is explicit, precise, and unambiguous, such that it is clear what is being said about the issue. given the following claim and the topic of the debate the claim appeared in. decide whether the claim has clear meaning or does not have clear meaning
An argument is emotionally manipulative if it attempts to persuade by evoking an emotional response from the audience rather than appealing to reason. decide whether the argument is emotionally manipulative or not emotionally manipulative
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a bibliography compiling a comprehensive collection of resources relevant to the subject matter covered in the essay.
Given an argumentative text and a set of claims, select the most similar claim to the given text.
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if it relates to its immediate context, e.g., if it responds to previously mentioned arguments or other information. in particular, it should be seen as relevant if it answers questions raised before or addresses challenges posed before. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Inappropriate arguments are those that do not conform to social norms and expectations for polite communication. these include: detrimental orthography, toxic emotions, missing commitment and missing intelligibility. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is inappropriate or appropriate
An argument is unverifiable if its premises are not supported by evidence, either in the form of references or quotations from sources. decide whether the argument has unverifiability or does not have unverifiability
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate an example that illustrates or demonstrates how the claim works in practice.
Identify the main claim and supporting evidence in an argumentative text.
An argument is detrimentally offensive if it contains content that is perceived as insulting, hostile, threatening, rude, vulgar, obscene, profane, indecent, sexually explicit, defamatory, harassing, abusive, hateful, or otherwise objectionable. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is detrimentally offensive or not detrimentally offensive
The acceptability of an argument is high if its premises are plausible and true, i.e., they can be accepted as given facts or commonly held beliefs. it is low, however, if the premises are implausible, false, or not generally accepted. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if all individual parts of the argumentation are related to each other in such a way that they form a coherent chain of reasoning from the premises to the conclusion(s). if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight the local relevance for each line of reasoning when judging about the “aggregate” local relevance—unless there are particular lines of reasoning that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. notice that you may see an argumentation as locally relevant even though you do not personally accept all of its premises, i.e., local relevance does not presuppose acceptability. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it resorts to personal attacks calling names slandering opponents whereas argument b sticks strictly to facts never stooping so low as name-calling.
Given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason, choose the most appropriate warrant among three options.
A premise is novel when it contains content that goes beyond what is stated in the conclusion. is the premise novel?
The style of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if it uses language that is adequate for the context of the debate and the audience of the debate. it should avoid offensive or inappropriate words. how would you rate the appropriateness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a claim, produce a short text that argues for it.
An argument is objective if it appeals to facts rather than to emotions and does not contain any personal opinions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is objective or subjective.
An argument is insufficiently informed if it shows lack of knowledge or awareness about the topic under discussion. decide whether the argument is insufficiently informed or not insufficiently informed
Given two arguments on a topic, decide whether both argue against each other or not.
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if it does not focus on irrelevant details but rather addresses the core of the discussed issue. notice that this can be difficult to judge since the scope of an issue may be unclear. however, please make sure that your judgment of global relevance matches with the scope of the discussed issue. how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing credibility if its premises are not acceptable to the target audience because they are known by the target audience to be false or highly questionable, and/or because their truth value is unknown. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments and a relation type, decide whether the given relation holds between them.
Identify the argumentative components in the text and their relations.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it adequately rebuts those counter-arguments that are explicitly raised by an opponent. notice that in many cases there will be no explicit objections. in these cases you have to judge about local sufficiency according to your own judgement. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing consistency if it contains inconsistencies within itself or with other arguments made by the same author. decide whether the argument lacks consistency or does not lack consistency
An argument contains unsubstantiated claims if it makes a statement without providing any source of authority for it. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains unsubstantiated claims or does not contain unsubstantiated claims
Given a set of beliefs and an argumentative claim, identify whether the claim is tailored to the beliefs.
Is the argument empowering and uplifting?
Is the argument well-reasoned?
The relevance of an argument should be seen as high if the issues addressed by the author’s argumentation are relevant to the topic under discussion. notice that even though some arguments may seem off-topic, they can still be considered as highly relevant if they relate to important subtopics of the overall issue. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if it fails to take a clear stand regarding the claim it intends to prove. it could also be due to lack of confidence in presenting the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Given an argumentative claim along with context information on the debate, determine whether it includes personal attacks or sticks to facts and logic.
Given two statements, determine if they are contradictory or not.
An argument is insufficiently supported if its premises do not contribute enough information so that the conclusion seems likely to be true. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is insufficiently supported or sufficiently supported
Given a sentence and an argumentative claim, classify the sentence as
The false analogy fallacy occurs when someone makes an argument that compares two things but doesn't actually provide any good reasons for why they are similar! given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits the false analogy fallacy or does not commit the false analogy fallacy.
An argumentation should be seen as successful in making the reader understand the author’s position if the reader understands the author’s stance after reading the argumentation. if the reader cannot tell what the author’s stance is, then the argumentation should be seen as not successful. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in making the reader understand the author’s position on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is persuasive if it convinces you to adopt a new belief, change your mind about an issue or perform an action. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The relevance of an argumentation should be seen as high if the claims made and the evidence provided are highly relevant for supporting or attacking the main claim(s) under discussion in the debate (as you understand it). how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are informative when they contain content that is not implied by the premises. is the conclusion informative?
An argument is deceptive if it is intended to deceive or mislead someone into believing something that is not true. decide whether the argument is deceptive or not deceptive
Given as input a pair of arguments, decide whether they are on the same side of the issue (pro vs con) or different sides of the issue (pro vs con).
The style of an argumentation should be seen as appealing if it is, in your view, aesthetically pleasing and engaging. it may contain humor or other stylistic devices that make the argumentation more enjoyable to read. how would you rate the appeal of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing credibility if it does not display sufficient background knowledge, expertise, and authority on the subject matter being discussed. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
An argument is toxic if it contains deceptive emotions, is missing commitments, is missing premises, is insufficiently supported, is unintelligible, or is inappropriate due to other reasons. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic
An argument is logically fallacious if the premises do not support the claim to be true. decide whether the argument is a logical fallacy or not.
The overall organization of an argumentation should be seen as clear if it follows a coherent structure with explicit transitions between ideas and paragraphs. the reader should be able to easily follow the flow of thoughts without confusion. how would you rate the clarity of the overall organization of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has unproven assumptions if it relies on beliefs or ideas that have not been proven to be true. decide whether the argument has unproven assumptions or does not have unproven assumptions
An argument contains a red herring fallacy when it introduces irrelevant information into the discussion as a distraction from the main point being argued. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether it contains a red herring fallacy or does not contain a red herring fallacy.
An argument is well-arranged if it presents the given issue, the composed arguments and its conclusion in a clear order. usually, the general issue and the particularly discussed topics should be clear before arguing and concluding about them. notice, however, that other orderings may be used on purpose and may still be suitable to achieve persuasion
An argument is missing evidence if it makes claims that lack proper supporting information such as factual evidence, statistics, quotes from experts and examples. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks evidence or does not lack evidence
An argument has a fallacious reasoning if its premises are not logically connected to its claim or if it contains faulty logic. decide whether the argument has fallacious reasoning or does not have fallacious reasoning
An argument is appropriate if it is intelligible, committed and does not contain toxic emotions. decide whether the argument is appropriate or not appropriate
An argument has confusing language if there is some information missing for the reader to understand the meaning of the argument. decide whether the argument has confusing language or does not have confusing language
An argument has irrelevant information if one or more of its premises provide information that is irrelevant to the issue of the debate. decide whether the argument has irrelevant information or does not have irrelevant information
An argument has insufficient evidence if there is not enough support for one or more claims or premises. decide whether the argument has insufficient evidence or does not have insufficient evidence
The validity of an argument refers to the logical structure of the argument, i.e., whether the conclusion follows logically from the premises. in other words, an argument is valid if its premises guarantee the truth of the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. determine whether the argument is valid or not.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it uses poor grammar, spelling mistakes, awkward sentences, punctuation errors, bad word choice, incorrect vocabulary, inappropriate tone, colloquialisms, jargon, cliches, slang, acronyms, abbreviations, etc.
Given two arguments, decide whether
Generate an argumentative text on a given topic.
An argument is missing neutrality if it displays partiality towards one side of an issue and does not present both sides objectively. decide whether the argument lacks neutrality or does not lack neutrality
An argumentation is seen as balanced if it considers both sides of the given issue and provides reasons for both sides. how would you rate the balance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is reliable if its premises are based on trustworthy sources. decide whether the argument lacks reliability or does not lack reliability.
An argument is missing good grammar if its spelling, punctuation, word choice, etc. are incorrect. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks good grammar or does not lack good grammar
The given two arguments have the same claim but different reasoning. which one do you think is more convincing?argument 1 or argument 2.
The following argument is a good example of an argument in which the author tries to persuade his or her audience by appealing to emotions. how would you rate the toxicity of this emotional appeal on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is oversimplified if it reduces complex issues down to simplistic terms. decide whether the argument has oversimplified or does not have oversimplified
An argument is deceptive if its purpose is to deceive rather than persuade. decide whether the argument is deceptive or not deceptive
Given a topic, identify the stance of the following argument with respect to that topic. the stance is either pro or con.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the used language supports the creation of credibility and emotions as well as if it is proportional to
An argumentation should be seen as successful in conveying a clear standpoint if it makes evident what position the author takes on the discussed issue, i.e., whether she or he supports, opposes or wants to discuss the topic of the debate. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the author’s standpoint, then do not judge him or her to have no clear standpoint. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in conveying a clear standpoint on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if it addresses the previous discussion directly, i.e., if it takes up specific points made by other participants and reacts to them. you should be open to see an argumentation as locally relevant even if it does not your match your stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information react appropriately to what has been said before. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument commits appeal to authority fallacy if it uses the claim that a person holds a certain position because he or she is an expert. for example: einstein said that time was relative, so time must be relative. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits appeal to authority fallacy or does not commit appeal to authority fallacy
An argument is inappropriate if it expresses hostility towards another user or group of users. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument expresses hostility towards another user or group of users or does not express hostility towards another user or group of users
Estimate the overall quality of the given argument on a scale of 1 (low quality) to 5 (high quality).
Given a premise and a conclusion, decide whether they are logically connected or not.
An argument is missing premises if one or more assumptions necessary for the logic of the argument are left implicit. decide whether the argument lacks premises or does not lack premises
Given a claim and a set of reasons, generate a text expressing why the claim is supported by the reasons.
An argument is well-reasoned if its premises provide adequate support for the conclusion. decide whether the argument has well-reasoning or does not have well-reasoning
An argument is missing force if it contains no information at all. decide whether the argument lacks force or does not lack force
Is the statement below an argument? if so, identify the conclusion and premise(s).
An argumentation should be seen as having an insufficient structure if it is unclear how the individual claims and premises relate to each other logically. decide whether the argument has insufficient structure or does not have insufficient structure
Argument conclusions are precise when they contain only relevant information to their premises and do not include unnecessary details that might distract from the main point being made by the author. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of precision?
Decide which of these statements is true: the comment... ...is not related to the argument at all. ...only vaguely refers to the argument. ...refers to one aspect of the argument. ...refers to several aspects of the argument. ...covers most or all of the argument’s content.
The emotional force of an argumentation should be seen as high if it is able to arouse emotions in you, e.g., by using emotionally charged language or by revealing the author’s own emotions. it should be seen as low if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the presence of any emotions, then do not judge the argumentation to be devoid of emotion. how would you rate the emotional force of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it argues persuasively about negative health outcomes linked directly back to air pollution levels resulting from excessive fossil fuel consumption patterns observed globally during past century alone.
An argument is abusive when it attacks a person rather than the issue at hand. this type of argumentation does not contribute to rational debate and can be used as a deceptive trick to win, derail, or end the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is abusive or not abusive.
Given the following argument, rewrite the argument so that the logical flow of the argument is clear.
Given two arguments (a and b), determine whether a is a rebuttal of b.
Given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason, select all possible rebuttals for this argument. there can be more than one answer.
Argument conclusions are relevant if they relate to the premise by being about the same issue as the premise or a sub-issue of the premise. is the conclusion relevant?
An argumentation should be seen as logically valid if it does not contain logical fallacies. logical fallacies include for instance circular reasoning, ad hominem attacks, strawman arguments, appeal to authority, etc. how would you rate the logical validity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a claim and two premises (premise a and premise b), determine which of the two premises is more relevant in supporting the claim.
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if it stays focused on the given issue. notice, however, that some authors may intentionally discuss other issues before coming back to the original one. such deviations may still be suitable to achieve persuasion. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the following text a source of evidence?
An argument is considered too strong if it makes claims that seem exaggerated or overblown. decide whether the argument has too strong claims or does not have too strong claims
Given a controversial topic and a list of beliefs, generate a set of arguments supporting both sides of the issue tailored to those beliefs.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is more credible, believable, trustworthy, authentic, reliable, honest, truthful, valid, genuine, legitimate, sound, solid, accurate, correct, realistic, objective, unbiased, neutral, fair, reasonable or justified.
Given a pair of arguments, determine which of them is more convincing.
An argument should be seen as locally relevant if its premises have a bearing on its conclusion. this means that the premises directly support the conclusion without introducing new issues. how would you rate the local relevance of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument makes a red herring fallacy if it introduces irrelevant material to the issue being discussed so that everyone else ignores or forgets the original issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains red herring fallacy or does not contain red herring fallacy
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b), determine which one has more reasoning fallacies.
Given fourteen arguments on a topic, reflect on your own opinions regarding the subject matter.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as coherent if there is no contradiction between what the author claims and how the author expresses these claims with words. the choice of words should fit to each other and the grammatical structure should make it easy for you to understand without doubts what the author argues for and how. how would you rate the coherence of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The argument has no conclusion.
An argument is generally weak if it has a low degree of support for the main point being made. the support may be lacking due to various reasons such as lack of evidential support, unclear reasoning, vagueness etc.given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is generally weak or is not generally weak.
Identify whether the following two comments are connected by any argumentative relation.
Identify the climax that builds suspense in the given argument.
Given the following premise-claim pair, decide which of these statements is true: the premise... ...is not related to the claim. ...is vaguely/implicitly related to the claim. ...explicitly supports the claim.
An argument has insufficient justification if the premises are not sufficient to justify the conclusions drawn from them. decide whether the argument has insufficient justification or does not have insufficient justification
A good argument should acknowledge uncertainty where necessary. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument acknowledges uncertainty where necessary or does not acknowledge uncertainty where necessary.
An argumentation should be seen as understandable if its content can easily be understood by other people. notice that this may depend on the audience; some texts may be hard for laymen but easier for experts. how would you rate the understandability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is lacking precision if it includes vague language or references. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in.
Distinguish whether the comment is polite or rude regarding the discussed topic. the key question to answer is: does the author intend to be polite (e.g., by being friendly, respectful) towards other people in his/her argumentation?
An argument is ad hominem if it attacks the arguer instead of attacking the argument itself. is there a problematic ad hominem at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument has confusing premises if it is unclear what the author wants to say with them. decide whether the argument has confusing premises or does not have confusing premises
Decide whether the given statement constitutes an argument conclusion.
An argument has bandwagon if it appeals to popularity as a reason for accepting its conclusion. decide whether the argument has bandwagon or does not have bandwagon
An argument is missing sufficiency if the evidence given in support of the claim does not provide sufficient grounds for accepting that claim. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
Label the following text as either a claim or premise.
An argumentative claim can have various kinds of problems that hinder its persuasiveness. these include grammatical mistakes, missing links, unclear claims, etc. given the following argumentative claim, select the type of problem from the defined set (typo or grammar correction, clarified claim, corrected or added links, clarified argument, other) that should be improved when revising the claim.
Generate a conclusion for the following argumentative text.
An argument has circular reasoning if it uses the same idea twice in different parts of the argument, without adding any new information. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
Inappropriate language includes insulting or offensive words. inappropriate language can be used to express emotions but also to attack others. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains inappropriate language or does not contain inappropriate language.
Is the conclusion valid?
An argument is missing respect if it shows contempt for other participants by ridiculing their arguments or insulting them personally. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
An argument is missing commitment if it does not address the topic of the debate and/or is not presented as an attempt to persuade others. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument commits appeal to emotion fallacy when it relies too much on sentiments instead of presenting solid evidence. for example: “we should legalize abortion because otherwise women will die from unsafe abortions”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits appeal to emotion fallacy or does not commit appeal to emotion fallacy.
An argumentation should be seen as missing acceptability if one or more of the stated arguments are not acceptable to you. notice that this is a subjective question, i.e., it depends on your personal views. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the correctness of the author’s arguments, then do not judge him or her to be unacceptable—unless you explicitly think that the arguments do not support the author’s stance. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is lacking credibility if it does not meet standards of evidence, expertise, logic, and good faith. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if it adequately addresses the given issue and does not contain irrelevant or redundant arguments. notice that you need to consider the global relevance of an argumentation, i.e., whether all parts of an argumentation are relevant for its conclusion. how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument organization refers to how well an essay presents its points in a logical order. score the argument organization of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay has no clear structure) 1.5 2.0 (essay has a weak structure) 2.5 3.0 (essay has a decent structure but often strays from the main idea) 3.5 4.0 (essay has a strong structure)
Given two sentences: a and b. would you agree with the following statement?sentence a is more convincing because it has more evidence, proof, research, references, sources or quotes than sentence b.
An argument is missing intelligibility if its content cannot be understood by other debaters in the debate forum. this can be due to several reasons: the use of domain-specific terminology that is not explained; ambiguous formulations; unclear references to previous arguments; etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
An argument is persuasive if it presents strong and compelling reasons for accepting its conclusion. it is unpersuasive if it fails to do so. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is persuasive or is unpersuasive
An argument has circular reasoning if its premises assume the truth of the conclusion, i.e., if the conclusion is already contained in the premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
The author of an argumentation is committed to its stance if he or she explicitly expresses his or her support for the stance. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the author has commitment to stance or not
Generate an argument that refutes the given claim.
Given two arguments, decide whether one supports the other or not.
Given an argumentative text
An argumentation should be seen as persuasive if it is likely to convince you of the author’s stance. notice that an argumentation can be persuasive even though it does not use good arguments or a good style and vice versa, e.g., because you already agreed with the author’s stance before reading his/her argumentation or because he/she uses an emotional appeal. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A set of arguments can be used to generate an opinionated summary on a given topic. generate a summary that expresses a stance towards the topic.
An argument is missing truthfulness if it contains false statements, fake news and/or unverifiable information. decide whether the argument lacks truthfulness or does not lack truthfulness
An argument is deceptive if it tries to win the discussion by using tricks that prevent the audience from making a rational decision on the issue discussed. decide whether the argument is deceptive or not deceptive
An argument is missing constructiveness if it does not contribute meaningfully to the discussion. for example, it might be off-topic, irrelevant, redundant, too short, or vague. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks constructiveness or does not lack constructiveness.
An argument is emotionally supportive if it appeals to emotions as part of a rational and reasonable strategy for supporting one's own position or attacking that of another. decide whether the argument is emotionally supportive or not emotionally supportive
The style of an argumentation should be seen as credible if the used language makes it easy for you to believe what the author argues for without doubts. the choice of words should make it appear trustworthy, believable and reliable. how would you rate the credibility of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has repetition if it repeats itself unnecessarily. decide whether the argument has repetition or does not have repetition
Given a topic and a set of sentences, determine which sentence supports the topic.
Given the following two argumentative discourse units (adus
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as clear if it makes it easy for you to understand without doubts what the author argues for and how. this includes the order in which the single parts of the argumentation are presented, the way they are connected with each other, and the way references are used to refer to previous statements within the debate. how would you rate the clarity of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given as input an argumentative claim, potentially along with context information on the debate, rewrite the
Counterargument validity: does the counterargument follow from the premise, meaning a logical inference links the premise to the conclusion?
An argumentation should be seen as successful in addressing counterarguments if it anticipates possible objections from the target audience and addresses them explicitly by giving reasons why they are wrong or at least not decisive. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. notice that you should not judge about the persuasive effect of the author’s argumentation, but you should decide whether the argumentation successfully addresses possible objections in principle—or neither. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in addressing counterarguments on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the argumentative discourse units (adus) of the given argumentative text.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each argument is adequately supported by its premises. notice that you may see an argumentation as locally sufficient even though some arguments are not persuasive to you because they do not seem relevant or acceptable. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing fairness if it fails to assess the arguments on their merits but simply rejects them out of hand, or if it misrepresents an opposing viewpoint. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argument is detrimental vocabulary if it contains words that are too technical, jargon-heavy, esoteric, or otherwise difficult for most people to understand without additional context. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental vocabulary or does not have detrimental vocabulary
The readability of an argument can be evaluated by measuring factors like sentence complexity, word difficulty, and vocabulary richness. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has good readability or bad readability
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as clear if it is easy for you to understand without doubts what the author argues for and how. it should make use of transitions and connectives in order to help you to follow the flow of thoughts. how would you rate the clarity of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as well-structured if it has clear and explicit structure, such that it is easy to understand which part of the argumentation supports which other parts. please judge about clarity and explicitness according to your general impression—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of an argument. accordingly, please judge about “aggregate” structural quality if you identify more than one argument—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the structural quality of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Label the stance of the article towards the target: favor, against, none.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is more convincing because it takes into account broader implications beyond just financial benefits derived from investing in green infrastructure projects throughout urban centers worldwide.
Given two sets of arguments for and against a proposition, determine which set is more persuasive.
Given a topic and a claim, find relevant appeal to laziness fallacy. 77.
An argumentation should be seen as successful in creating persuasiveness if it conveys arguments and other information in a way that makes the reader want to believe what is argued. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds, i.e., the author’s writing style or content of his or her statements make the reader not want to believe what is being said. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in creating persuasiveness on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A claim has an unclear stance if its position towards the issue (supporting or opposing) remains unclear. given the following claim and the topic of the debate the claim appeared in. decide whether the claim has unclear stance or does not have unclear stance
The author’s argumentation is globally acceptable if it can be expected to convince the majority of the target audience. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it takes into account both sides of the issue, acknowledges potential objections, offers alternative perspectives, provides relevant examples, cites reputable sources, avoids personal attacks, maintains objectivity throughout, etc.
A fallacy is defined here as a flaw in the structure of an argument which causes it to be invalid, unsound, or weak. is there a fallacy at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Given two texts (text a and text b), determine whether they contain opposing arguments on the same topic.
An argument is missing empathy if it shows no understanding or consideration for other points of view. decide whether the argument lacks empathy or does not lack empathy
An argumentation can be thought of as a dialectical exchange between the role of the proponent (who is presenting and defending the central claim) and the role of the opponent (who is critically challenging the proponents claims). in this task, we ask you to identify the roles of each adu in a comment.
A good argument should avoid emotional appeals unless they serve a legitimate purpose. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses emotional appeals legitimately or illegitimately.
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if it focuses on the topic at hand. notice that there may be cases where it is unclear what exactly the topic is. for example, in debates it may happen that debaters disagree about what exactly they are debating about. please judge about relevance according to whether the author’s argumentation is clearly focused on the issue discussed. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify all statements that serve as reasons for a claim in the text below
An argument has detrimental orthography if it contains bad grammar, misspelled words, or non-standard abbreviations (e.g., "ur" instead of "your"). decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography
An argument is weakly-relevant when it addresses the issue at hand, but only tangentially, without engaging with the central aspects of the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is weakly-relevant or strongly-relevant
An argument is missing pathos if it does not appeal to emotions or lacks emotional impact. decide whether the argument lacks pathos or does not lack pathos
An argument is missing ethos if it fails to establish credibility through the use of reliable sources or other means. decide whether the argument lacks ethos or does not lack ethos
Identify the claim in the following text (i.e., what is being argued).
An argument is missing premises if it does not have enough statements that support the conclusion, i.e., the main claim. decide whether the argument lacks premises or does not lack premises
An argument is missing sources if it makes claims that require citations, but no source is given for these claims. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sources or does not lack sources
An argument is missing sufficiency if it does not cover all aspects relevant to the topic or leaves out important information needed to make a sound decision. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
A comment is not relevant to a topic if its content does not discuss the given topic but derails the discussion implicitly towards a related topic or shifts completely towards a different topic. given the following comment and the corresponding topic of the debate, decide whether the comment is relevant to the topic or not relevant to the topic.
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a resume highlighting your qualifications and experiences pertaining to the field of study addressed in the essay.
The comment you are given includes two arguments (argument a and argument b). decide which argument is more convincing.
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if it is adequate to the issue under discussion. this means that its arguments, claims and other information are sufficiently related to the given issue such that they can contribute to resolving the issue in a reasonable way. how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is not well thought out if it lacks smart remarks, does not contain complex reasoning, or is not thorough enough to be convincing. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is not well thought out or is well thought out
Given a topic, generate an argumentative claim that is well-supported by evidence.
An argument is non-constructive if it does not contribute to the discussion in a meaningful way (e.g., by making an unsubstantiated claim, going off-topic, etc.). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is non-constructive or not
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each single step in its reasoning is warranted by a given premise or assumption. notice that this does not necessarily mean that all steps are logically valid. in particular, there may be cases where the conclusion is only probabilistically implied by the premises. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument can be considered as toxic if its author uses personal attacks against another user or group of users in order to discredit them. the attacked user(s) should be clearly identifiable by name, username, affiliation etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic.
An argument is inappropriate if it contains offensive content targeting other users or groups of users. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains offensive content targeting other users or groups of users or does not contain offensive content targeting other users or groups of users
A fallacy is an error in reasoning, which makes a conclusion either invalid (the conclusion does not follow from the premises) or weakly supported. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains fallacy or does not contain fallacy
Given a mathematical theorem, generate an argumentative claim that proves or disproves the theorem.
Given a pair of claims coming from different documents, predict if they are contradictory or not.
A premise of an argument should be seen as true if you think that what is said is a fact, i.e., if it can be verified by reference to generally accepted sources. this means that you should judge about the truthfulness of the premise based on your knowledge and belief regarding the topic. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the truthfulness of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” truthfulness—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the truthfulness of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The following clause is an argument. determine the function of the segment, i.e. premise or conclusion.
An argument is missing originality if it repeats a point already made in the discussion. given an argument and a list of previous arguments that appeared before this one, decide whether the argument lacks originality or does not lack originality
An argumentation should be seen as free of rhetorical flaws if there is no way to improve the quality of the author’s argumentation by rephrasing any part of the text without changing its meaning or omitting any part of the text that does not contribute to the discussion. how would you rate the freedom from rhetorical flaws of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument is unclassified or not unclassified because of reasons not covered by detrimental orthography, toxic emotions, missing commitment and missing intelligibility.
An argument has redundant information if one or more of its premises repeat information already provided in other premises. decide whether the argument has redundant information or does not have redundant information
Given a pair of argument clauses coming from the
An argument is logically deceptive if its premises are presented in such a way that their meaning can be easily misconstrued. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
Given an argument, is the following clause a premise or conclusion?
An argument is missing fairness if it misrepresents opposing views and distorts evidence to support its own position. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
A missing intelligibility occurs when an author writes something unintelligible due to lack of knowledge or language skills. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is inappropriate due to missing intelligibility or not inappropriate due to missing intelligibility
An argument can be detrimental for an audience when it contains a lot of spelling mistakes, grammatical errors or other typos that make the text hard to read. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or not
Given the following argument, generate an alternative argument that is more convincing.
Argument quality refers to how well an essay presents its thesis and supports it with evidence and reasoning. an essay with a high argument quality score is well-written, has no major grammatical or spelling errors, and would convince most readers. score the argument quality of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay is poorly written, contains many grammatical or spelling mistakes, does not present any evidence for its claims) 1.5 2.0 (essay is decently written but may contain some grammatical or spelling mistakes, presents some evidence for its claims) 2.5 3.0 (essay is well-written, contains few or no grammatical or spelling mistakes, presents sufficient evidence for its claims) 3.5 4.0 (essay is very well-written, contains no grammatical or spelling mistakes, presents strong evidence for its claims)
Identify the type of reasoning that is used in this argument. there are only three options given and only one answer is correct.
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if it presents its arguments in an orderly, clear and logical way. notice that this does not necessarily imply that the structure follows any specific pattern or template. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the argument patriotic and loyal?
Given the following two argumentative discourse units (adu) coming from the same document, decide whether they are in a support relation or not.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it does not contain any premises that are unacceptable to the expected target audience. notice that there may be cases where it is infeasible to find only acceptable premises. please judge about global acceptability according to whether all premises of an argumentation that you see are acceptable. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the argument a generalization that applies to all situations?
You are given an argument that you can use as evidence for your claim. your task is to form a persuasive argument toward the question that supports the given stance based on the given evidence.
The following text contains two arguments that are both supporting the same conclusion. which of the two arguments do you consider more convincing?
In order to resolve an issue, we need to consider multiple perspectives on the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks multiple perspectives or does not lack multiple perspectives
Determine whether the provided comment is credible or not (not credible). the key question to answer is: do we have reasons to doubt the credibility of the author?
An argument is missing a key point if it fails to address one of the most important aspects of the issue being debated. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks key point or does not lack key point
Given two arguments on a topic, identify the common ground between them.
An argument is self-centered if it focuses only on the speaker's own interests, feelings, needs, or desires without considering those of others. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is self-centered or is not self-centered
An attack against an opponent should be seen as successful if it is effective in weakening the opponent's position or character. if the comment does not contain any attacks against opponents, select “no attack”. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the author’s credibility, then do not judge him or her to be not credible. how would you rate the success of the author’s attack(s) against opponent(s) on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a topic and two arguments, classify the argument that is more convincing.
An argumentation should be seen as acceptable if it contains no offensive language, does not include any personal attacks, and does not contain any toxic emotions such as anger, hate, resentment, or disgust. please judge about global acceptability according to whether there is anything that could offend someone in an argumentation. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are well-grounded if they are supported by the premise, meaning there is some sort of evidence or support for the conclusion. is the conclusion well-grounded?
An argument has insufficient specificity if its premises are too vague to support the conclusion. decide whether the argument has insufficient specificity or does not have insufficient specificity
Given a controversial topic and a stance towards this topic, generate an argumentative text which supports the given stance.
Does the following argumentative text contain a warrant?
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if its premises are relevant to its conclusion. please judge about local relevance according to whether the given arguments support their conclusions in a way that is not too far-fetched. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is well-organized when its premises are clearly presented and structured to support the conclusion. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of organization?
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if it is appropriate with respect to the preceding comment in the discussion. you should be open to see an argumentation as relevant even if it does not match your stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information are worthy of being considered within the discussion of the issue.
An argument should be seen as containing false statements if it contains claims that are factually wrong. it should be seen as not containing false statements if it contains no such claims. notice that you should not judge about the truthfulness of the author’s argumentation, but you should decide whether the argumentation contains claims that are factually wrong—or not. how would you rate the extent to which the author’s argumentation contains false statements on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are sound when they follow from the premises (i.e., valid) and all the premises are true. is the conclusion sound?
An argument is missing relevance if its premises are not relevant to the claim that they are supposed to support. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it assumes knowledge, understanding or acceptance of certain facts, values or beliefs without providing justification or explanation for those assumptions.
Given an argument and a topic, identify the stance of the argument towards the topic: "advocates for", "argues against" or "takes no position on".
Find the central claim of the passage.
Given a topic and a stance, generate a claim that supports this stance.
An argumentation should be seen as dialectically effective if it adequately rebuts those counter-arguments to its conclusion that are put forward by the opponent. in order to rebut an objection, it must be shown why the objection fails to undermine the original argumentation. please judge about dialectical effectiveness according to whether all objections of the opposing side that you see are rebutted. how would you rate the dialectical effectiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is detrimental to the quality of the debate if it uses offensive language, threatens others, insults them or otherwise violates rules of respectful behavior. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography
An argument is logically deceptive if it contains logical fallacies (e.g., red herring, strawman) that derail the discussion from its original focus. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or is not logically deceptive
Generate an argument for the given claim with the provided evidence as support.
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b), choose the one that you think has more credible evidence to support its claim.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it is based on premises that are generally accepted by the expected target audience. notice that you do not need to agree with all of the author’s premises, but only judge about whether they can reasonably be assumed to be shared among most people from the expected target audience. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The author attacks the character or motives of their opponent rather than the substance of the opposing argument (ad hominem).given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains ad hominem or does not contain ad hominem
An argument is missing commitment if it does not express any opinion on the topic of the debate, i.e., it contains no claim that could be challenged by an opponent in the discussion. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it has a better structure, is easier to understand or follow, is more coherent, is clearer, makes sense, is logical, uses good logic, flows well, is well organized.
The logic of an argumentation should be seen as strong if it connects the provided arguments and/or other information in a coherent way so that they logically support the expressed opinion on the discussed issue. how would you rate the strength of the logic of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as relevant if it addresses the question posed by the task. if an argument only partially addresses the task, then do not judge it to be irrelevant unless you think that the part that addresses the task does not contribute significantly to the overall argumentation. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following two arguments (argument 1 and argument 2), decide whether they have conflicting opinions about the same topic.
Is the following argument based on personal experience?
An argument is oversimplified if it presents an extremely simplified view of the issue, such that it fails to capture important nuances, exceptions, limitations, or relevant alternatives. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has oversimplified or does not have oversimplified
An argument is an anecdote if it uses a specific example to support a general claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is an anecdote or not an anecdote.
A fallacy is defined here as any logical error within an argument that prevents the argument from logically supporting its conclusion. is there a fallacious reasoning at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument has detrimental orthography if it contains spelling errors, grammar errors, or uses inappropriate punctuation marks. decide whether the following argument has detrimental orthography or not.
An argument is missing logical structure if it does not present a chain of reasoning that leads from premises to conclusions, but instead presents isolated statements or facts without any clear connection between them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks logical structure or does not lack logical structure
An argument has equivocation if it uses words with multiple meanings. decide whether the given argument has equivocation or does not have equivocation
The acceptability of an argument depends on how well its premises are supported by evidence. in this task, you should rate the acceptability of the author’s argument based on the quality of its premises. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
What kind of attack relation, if any, exists between elementary unit x for a proposition y of another argument? differentiate between rebuttal, undercutting attack and no attack relation. attacks in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions can be attacked in practical argumentation: rebutting attacks (rebuttal) and undercutting attacks (undercutting attack). the former can attack either objective or subjective propositions, whereas the latter can only attack objective propositions. that is, you cannot prove that a subjective proposition is false with an undercutting attack. rebuttal: for an elementary unit x to be a rebuttal for a proposition y, it must provide evidence against y. for example, “i have never had a problem with them.”(x) and “the product arrived damage[d],”(y). undercutting attack: for an elementary unit x to be an undercutting attack for a proposition y, it must undermine the support for y by attacking one of its supporting reasons. for example, “they’re not as good as other brands i’ve tried,”(x) and “these headphones sound great!”(y).
Is the following statement an opinion?
Given the following argument, which of the two claims (claim 1 or claim 2) is more relevant to it?
An argument has fallacious reasoning if its components (claims and premises) are connected in a way that does not follow the rules of logic. decide whether the argument has fallacious reasoning or does not have fallacious reasoning
Generate a rebuttal for the given argument.
A key point is a concise statement that summarizes one of the most important ideas discussed by multiple arguments on the same side of the debate. given as input an argumentative claim, potentially along with context information on the debate, rewrite the claim such that it becomes a key point.
An argument has poor phrasing if it contains vague words, phrases or sentences, negatively affecting its clarity. decide whether the argument has poor phrasing or does not have poor phrasing
An argument is missing open-mindedness if it displays a lack of willingness to consider different viewpoints and perspectives. decide whether the argument lacks open-mindedness or does not lack open-mindedness
An argument is disrespectful if it attacks people rather than their arguments or ideas, making personal insults or offensive comments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is disrespectful or is not disrespectful
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each premise of its constituent arguments is supported by appropriate evidence. in this context, evidence refers to any kind of support for a premise, including statistics, examples, expert opinions, etc. notice that there may be cases where it is infeasible to provide full evidence for every premise. also notice that premises may be supported implicitly, i.e., without stating explicitly what they are based on. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether all main premises of an argumentation that you see are sufficiently supported. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it commits the bandwagon fallacy, appeals to popularity or majority opinion without considering the merits of the argument itself. 32.
Determine the stance expressed in the given argumentative text regarding the discussed topic: for, against or none.
A straw man argument distorts an opposing view by misrepresenting the original statement of its proponent so as to make it easier to refute. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is straw man argument or not a straw man argument.
An argumentation can be seen as factually adequate if it contains only factual statements and no false claims. a statement is defined here as factual if it can be verified with respect to truthfulness based on objective evidence. false claims are those for which such verification fails. how would you rate the factual adequacy of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic and two sets of beliefs, generate an argumentative claim that is tailored to both sets of beliefs at the same time.
An argument is seen as having excessive politeness if the politeness used in the argument exceeds what would be expected in a normal conversation. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has excessive politeness or does not have excessive politeness
An argument is detrimental orthography if it has serious spelling and/or grammatical errors,
Identify whether the given text is argumentative or not.
An argument is relevant if its premises support the claim. a premise supports a claim when it strengthens the belief in the claim, or at least provides some reason for accepting the claim as true. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The scheme distinguishes between supporting and attacking relations. supporting relations are normal support and support by example. attacking relations are rebutting attacks (directed against another node, challenging the acceptability of the corresponding claim) and undercutting attacks (directed against another relation, challenging the argumentative inference from the source to the target of the relation). finally, additional premises of relations with more than one premise are represented by additional source relations. does the second elementary unit x attack the first elementary unit y? if so, what type of attack does it constitute? rebutting attacks: for an elementary unit x to be a rebutting attack on an elementary unit y, it must directly challenge the acceptability of y. undercutting attacks: for an elementary unit x to be an undercutting attack on an elementary unit y, it must challenge the inference from y to z, where z is an elementary unit connected to y via a support relation. that is, x challenges the validity of the link between y and z, but not necessarily the acceptability of either y or z.
Given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason, provide a response to the rebuttal raised against the objection raised against the warrant of this particular argument.
Argument conclusions are coherent if they present a consistent and unified perspective on the issue, without contradicting themselves or introducing unrelated ideas. given the conclusion below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of coherence?
Given two arguments, predict whether they are attacking each other by contradicting on the same proposition
Consider the following argumentative claim. would you agree with the following statement?the conclusion of this argument is false.
An argument is harmful if it contains insults or threats to the author of another argument, and/or if it is discriminatory in terms of race, gender, religion etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is harmful or not harmful.
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b) that support opposing views on the same topic, choose which one is more convincing to you.
An argument has unsubstantiated premises if it relies on assumptions without providing any evidence to support them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is unsubstantiated premises or does not have unsubstantiated premises
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative essay persuading others to adopt your perspective.
An argument is missing clarity if its author does not express himself/herself clearly, i.e., when the meaning of some words or sentences are ambiguous. notice that we do not consider as lack of clarity typos, grammatical mistakes, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
Given two versions of the same claim (claim 1 and claim 2), select one version that makes the stronger case for the position presented in this claim.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as formal if it avoids informal language and personal statements (e.g., "i think", "in my opinion"), uses appropriate punctuation marks and does not include spelling errors. how would you rate the formality of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Generate a persuasive essay arguing for or against the following proposition.
What type of reasoning (logos vs. pathos) would you use to form a persuasive argument toward the question that supports the given stance?
Given a topic and a thesis statement, generate an outline for an argumentative essay about that topic.
Distinguish, whether the comment contains an attack against another person or group or not (no personal attack). the key question to answer is: does the author attack other people directly or indirectly?
An argument commits false cause fallacy if it assumes that one event causes another when there is no causal relationship between them. for example: “the sun rose just before i woke up today, so my waking up caused the sun to rise”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits false cause fallacy or does not commit
An argument is missing empathy if there is an inability to understand or share the feelings of another, especially in relation to opposing viewpoints. decide whether the argument lacks empathy or does not lack empathy
Generate an objection to the given claim.
Given two arguments on the same topic, decide whether they are complementary or contradictory.
An argument is missing completeness if it does not present all of its premises or does not provide sufficient evidence for each premise. decide whether the argument lacks completeness or does not lack completeness
An argument is toxic emotions if it contains rude, aggressive, vulgar, offensive, threatening, sarcastic, condescending, discriminatory, obscene, insulting, racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, ageist, ableist, classist, elitist, nationalist, religious, political, ideological, etc., language that undermines the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions or does not contain toxic emotions
An argument is inappropriate due to missing commitment if it lacks arguments to support its conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is inappropriate due to missing commitment or not inappropriate due to missing commitment
Given a debate title, predict the stance of the user on the corresponding big issue from the title.
Is the following claim a link to another source?
Given the following argument and a list of claims,
Does the given argumentative text have a good structure?
An argument should be seen as acceptable if it does not contain any obvious falsehoods. notice that a locally acceptable premise need not be true. it only needs to seem plausible enough for the purpose of the argument. accordingly, even if you disagree with a particular premise, please still consider this premise as being locally acceptable unless you find it very implausible. if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weight the local acceptability of each argument when judging about their “aggregate” local acceptability—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a topic, generate an argumentative claim tailored to the beliefs of those who disagree with that topic.
An argument conclusion can be seen as justified if it follows from the premise, meaning there is a logical inference linking the premise to the conclusion. is the conclusion justified?
The style of an argumentation should be seen as persuasive if it uses language in a way that makes it more likely for readers to accept the expressed opinion on the discussed issue. this includes using rhetorically effective formulations and avoiding stylistic weaknesses such as spelling mistakes or grammatical errors. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a pair of arguments on the same topic, predict how similar they are in terms of their content.
Toxic emotions refer to language that expresses negative emotion towards others such as hate speech, verbal abuse, insults, profanity, etc. an argument is detrimental orthography if it is inappropriate due to toxic emotions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography
The following two arguments (argument a and argument b) have been written by two different authors on the same topic. determine whether the two arguments agree or disagree with each other
An argument has inappropriate intensity if the emotions appealed to by are not appropriate for the discussed issue. decide whether the argument has inappropriate intensity or does not have inappropriate intensity
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if every single argument considered separately is acceptable for the expected target audience. in contrast to global acceptability, local acceptability does not consider how the different arguments relate to each other. for example, an argumentation can be locally acceptable even if some arguments contradict others. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has poor structure if the premises do not support the conclusion, or the premises and conclusion are not logically connected. decide whether the argument has poor structure or does not have poor structure
An argument is convincing if its premises support its conclusion and the reasoning behind them is clear and valid. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is convincing or unconvincing.
Given two arguments on a topic, determine how strongly they support each other.
You are given a question and two arguments on this question. decide whether these arguments are on the same side or not.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it commits several logical fallacies including false dilemma, slippery slope, hasty generalization among others whereas argument b steers clear of any potential pitfalls like those mentioned above.
Is the argument valid and credible?
Given two adus, determine their rhetorical relation (e.g., support, attack, contrast)
An argument is missing alternative solutions if it does not consider all the possible alternatives to solve the issue. decide whether the argument lacks alternative solutions or does not lack alternative solutions
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if all its components are valid and reliable. notice that this concerns both the validity of the logic underlying the argumentation, but also the reliability of the premises used in the argumentation. please judge about global acceptability according to whether all the argumentation's components seem to be valid and reliable. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as relevant if it has premises that are related to the author’s stance on the given issue and if its conclusion supports this stance. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument commits a fallacy if its premises are not relevant to the conclusion or there are flaws in the reasoning process that lead from the premises to the conclusion. for example, “you should buy this car because it’s red” is an invalid argument since the color of the car is not related to whether it is worth buying. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits a logical fallacy or does not commit a logical fallacy.
An argument has a strong language if it contains abusive words (e.g., hate speech, offensive content) that are directed to other users or groups. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has strong language or does not have strong language.
An argument is missing critical thinking if it displays a lack of analysis and evaluation of the evidence and logic presented in the argument. decide whether the argument lacks critical thinking or does not lack critical thinking
Given a set of claims and premises, extract the central claim from the given text.
An argumentation should be seen as comprehensible if its statements are clear and understandable for an average reader. this also means that the meaning of words, phrases, or sentences should not be ambiguous. how would you rate the comprehensibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it provides evidence, examples, facts, statistics, quotes from experts or authorities, references to studies, research findings, polls, surveys, reports, articles, books, websites, videos, podcasts, news stories, interviews, personal experiences, anecdotes, testimonials, etc.
An argument is not well-reasoned if its premises do not provide adequate evidence to support the conclusion. for example, an argument that uses a fallacious premise like "ad hominem" attack would be considered as not well-reasoned. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well reasoned or not well reasoned.
An argument has insufficient support if the reasons given for the claim are not strong enough to justify accepting the claim as true. decide whether the argument has insufficient support or does not have insufficient support
Generate an argumentative claim that is relevant to the given topic and consistent with the provided beliefs.
A claim can be defined as a statement that takes a stance on some issue. it usually includes both opinion and factual information. given a sentence and a topic, classify the sentence as a “supporting claim” or “opposing claim” if it expresses a relevant opinion about the topic, or as a “non-claim” if it does not express an opinion or is not relevant to the topic.
Identify any flaws in the methodology used by the author in the given argument.
The author’s argumentation is considered to be sufficiently substantiated if the reader can follow how the author arrives at his/her conclusion. how would you rate the sufficiency of substantiation in the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the stance of the author in the following argumentative text.
Which claim is stronger? claim 1 or claim 2
Given a claim and a set of premises, predict whether each premise is relevant to the claim.
An argument is strong if the premises provide sufficient grounds for accepting the conclusion. decide whether the argument is strong or not strong.
An argument commits false analogy fallacy if it compares two things that are not alike in the relevant aspects. for example, “we should be able to keep our own money just like we can keep our organs”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits false analogy fallacy or does not commit false analogy fallacy.
A claim is well-grounded when it is supported by facts, statistics, expert opinions, etc. given two versions of the same claim (claim 1 and claim 2), decide which one is better grounded.
An argument conclusion is sound if it follows from true premises, meaning a logical inference links true premises to a true conclusion. is the conclusion sound?
Distinguish, whether the comment is informed regarding the discussed topic or not (uninformed). the key question to answer is: is there a sufficient amount of information that allows us to clearly understand the author’s attitude or opinion towards the topic?
An argument is not persuasive if its reasoning is flawed or weakly supported, its premises are incorrect or irrelevant, or its conclusion does not follow from its premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks persuasiveness or does not lack persuasiveness
An argument is not credible if it lacks credibility, i.e., if it does not support the creation of trust. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
An argument is toxic with emotions if it contains insults, threats, swear words, or other types of offensive language that do not contribute to the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic emotions or not toxic emotions
Given two versions of the same claim, select one version from the defined set (version 1, version 2) that is better.
Generate an argument for the given position on the given issue.
Given an argument and its premises, determine which one is stronger (more convincing).
What is your agreement with the following statement?the given argument is convincing because it uses relevant reasons or relevant information.
An argument is seen as successful in convincing others if it convinces you, i.e., changes your opinion or reinforces your prior belief. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in convincing you on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A premise is defined as an argumentative discourse unit (adu) that supports another adu. given the following two arguments, generate a new adu that serves as a premise to support the second one
Given a topic and a set of supporting reasons, generate a conclusion statement.
Is the following claim factually accurate?
The use of evidence should be seen as appropriate if the author uses relevant information to support his/her claims and conclusions. this includes facts, statistics, expert opinions, examples, and other forms of evidence that are directly related to the discussed issue. how would you rate the appropriateness of the used evidence in the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A good argumentation should be seen as serious if it contributes meaningfully to the discussion by suggesting that the issue is worthy of being discussed and without trolling others. how would you rate the seriousness of the author's argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Decide whether the following argument has a proper logical structure
Identify all of the premises and conclusions in the following text.
Distinguish, whether the comment is on topic regarding the discussed topic or not (off topic). the key question to answer is: does the author talk about the same issue as it is mentioned in the debate title? if yes, then mark it as on-topic, if no, then off-topic.
An argument is unintelligible if it is incomprehensible because it contains too many spelling mistakes or has a very bad syntax. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is unintelligible or intelligible.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it adequately rebuts those counter-arguments to its conclusion that are raised by the opponent. if there are none such objections, then the argumentation should be seen as sufficiently supporting its conclusion. in both cases, please judge about local sufficiency according to whether all main objections of an argumentation that you see are rebutted. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is logically deceptive if it uses a logical fallacy or flawed logic to make an invalid point. given the following arguments: decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if every individual premise of every identified argument is considered relevant for drawing the respective conclusions by everyone from the expected target audience. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A good argument is one where the conclusion follows from the premise, meaning a logical inference links the premise to the conclusion. given an argument and its conclusion below: is this conclusion better than the following alternative?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it does not discuss the issue but derails the discussion implicitly towards a related issue or shifts completely towards a different issue.
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative essay expressing your own opinion on the matter.
Is the following statement a premise for any argument?
Given two arguments a and b, decide which one is more convincing according to your personal opinion.
Given two arguments a and b which have the same stance towards a question, determine whether argument a or argument b is more convincing.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as persuasive if the used language supports the creation of credibility and emotions in a way that makes the author’s position appear true or valid to the reader, e.g., by using vivid descriptions and strong words or phrases. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains offensive content such as profanity, racism, sexism, etc., insults another person, makes threats or does not take the topic seriously.
An argument should be seen as convincing if it is well-founded, i.e. the premises are individually acceptable and jointly support the conclusion of the argument, and if it has a persuasive style, i.e. its language supports the creation of credibility and emotions in a way that is proportional to the discussed issue. accordingly, if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weight your judgments about their individual cogency and appropriateness of style when judging about their “aggregate” persuasiveness—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of an argument. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Determine whether the comment explicitly attacks the argument (the attack is clearly stated), vaguely/implicitly attacks the argument (the attack can be inferred but not directly stated), makes no use of the argument, vaguely/implicitly supports the argument (the support can be inferred but not directly stated) or explicitly supports the argument (the support is clearly stated).
An argument is oversimplified if it fails to acknowledge that complex issues often have multiple causes and solutions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is oversimplified or not oversimplified
A fallacious argument has faulty reasoning, e.g., by using false assumptions, ignoring evidence, or drawing invalid conclusions. decide whether the argument has faulty reasoning or does not have faulty reasoning.
An argument is missing commitment if it does not explicitly state the authors position on the topic, or uses a non-committal expression such as i don't know. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument has a good structure or not. if the argument has a bad structure, provide an explanation why.
A claim is an assertion about which we can have an opinion or take a position. the key question to answer is: does the author intend to convince us clearly about his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic? identify the claim made by the author in their argumentation.
An argument is missing coherence if it has a disorganized structure, i.e., the parts of the text are not connected logically or do not follow each other. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks coherence or does not lack coherence
Identify the toulmin component types (premise, claim, backing, refutation and rebuttal) in the given argument text
Given a sequence of sentences, segment them into elementary units. elementary units are the fundamental components of an argument.
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative claim tailored to the topic that reflects a neutral stance.
An argument is missing common ground if it either does not respect the commonly held beliefs of a community or uses arguments that are only relevant to a very small group of people. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks common ground or does not lack common ground
Given an argument and a topic, identify the stance of the argument towards the topic: "in favor of", "opposed to" or "undecided".
An argument is an empty argument if it does not make a point but only states facts without expressing opinions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is an empty argument or not an empty argument
Given an argument, generate a counterargument that refutes the given argument.
Given an argument and its rebuttal, decide which of these statements is true: the rebuttal... ...explicitly attacks the argument. ...vaguely/
Generate an argument for the following conclusion:
An argument is detrimental orthography if it is inappropriate because of detrimental orthography issues such as spelling, grammar, punctuation, capitalization, etc. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography
The author’s argumentation can be considered as locally sufficient if all its premises support their respective conclusions adequately. notice that sometimes we may need additional information about some premise or conclusion in order to judge local sufficiency. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument relevance refers to the extent to which the essay’s content supports its thesis. an essay with a high argument relevance score provides ample relevant information for its thesis and does not include irrelevant information. score the argument relevance of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay contains little to no relevant information for its thesis and includes lots of irrelevant information) 1.5 2.0 (essay contains some relevant information for its thesis but also includes some irrelevant information) 2.5 3.0 (essay contains enough relevant information for its thesis and only a little irrelevant information) 3.5 4.0 (essay contains ample relevant information for its thesis and no irrelevant information)
Given a controversial topic, generate a set of beliefs that would support one side of the issue.
Given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of novelty?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). which of the following options do you agree with? both arguments are equally convincing; argument a is more convincing because it provides supporting evidence; argument b is more convincing because it provides supporting evidence; argument a is more convincing because it provokes thought; argument b is more convincing because it provokes thought; neither argument is convincing; other.
A rebuttal is a response to another argument which aims at undermining its credibility. given two arguments on a topic, decide whether they are rebuttal pairs or not.
Given an argument, predict the stance of this argument towards a given topic.
Given a sentence and a topic, classify the sentence as “for” or “against” if it includes an argument for or against the topic, or as a “non-argument” if it does not include an argument.
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if its elements are arranged in a suitable order, such that they support each other with respect to their content and style. for example, the premise(s) should come before the conclusion; premises supporting the same claim should follow each other; objections should come after the claims they object to. if there is more than one premise, some may need to come first since they provide evidence for other premises. if there is more than one objection, some may need to come first since they are more important than others. the choice of words and the grammatical complexity should, in your view, appear suitable for the discussed issue within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue), matching with how the argumentative elements are ordered. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is toxic if it contains language that is likely to provoke a strong negative emotional response from readers, such as hate speech, offensive language, or threats of violence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic
Given a set of premises and conclusions, generate additional premises to support the conclusions.
An argument has confusing reasoning if its components (claims and premises) seem not to be connected logically. if this is the case for one of the two given arguments, mark the corresponding checkbox
Given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), determine whether the second argument (argument b) has less convincing power than the first one (argument a) because it uses inappropriate language or style that does not fit the context of the debate.
Given a debate with multiple rounds where each round has exactly 2 turns (one from pro side and one from con side), predict the stance (pro or con) of the user on the corresponding big issue from the text of the turn.
Is the argument factually correct?
An argument is missing sufficiency if it includes an argument which is insufficient to prove its point, i.e., the premise does not provide enough reason to accept the conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
An argument is missing grounds if the premises of the argument are not sufficiently supported by evidence or reasons and therefore cannot provide sufficient support for the conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks grounds or does not lack grounds
Given two premises and a conclusion, determine whether the given inference is valid or not.
Given an argumentative claim, identify the quality issue that should be improved when revising the claim.
An argument is missing commitment if it fails to address the question posed by the topic of the debate the argument appears in. for example, a response to the question “should we ban guns?” could be either “yes, because…” or “no, because…”. however, a response like “i don’t know” or “it depends” does not take a clear stand on the question and hence lacks commitment. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
An argument has excessive politeness if the language used is unnecessarily polite for the discussed issue. decide whether the argument has excessive politeness or does not have excessive politeness
An argument should be seen as sufficiently acceptable if all of its premises can reasonably be assumed to be accepted by all members of the intended audience without further justification. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the following two arguments (argument a and argument b). determine whether argument b is more convincing because it has a better argumentative structure.
Given the following two arguments, determine whether the second argument is a successful rebuttal of the first.
An argument is missing premises if the author makes assumptions without providing sufficient evidence for them. decide whether the argument lacks premises or does not lack premises
The author’s conclusion is the statement that he/she wants to convince us about (i.e., what he/she argues for). it may be given explicitly by stating it in the text or implicitly by leaving it implicit but still making it clear enough. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight the acceptability of each conclusion when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there are particular conclusions that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the acceptability of the conclusion(s) of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the claims in the following text that are supported by arguments.
Given a controversial topic, generate a set of rhetorical questions to stimulate debate.
Generate an appropriate counterargument to the given argument.
Given an argumentative claim along with context information on the debate, determine whether it makes use of credible sources or cites questionable ones.
The following argumentation task requires you to take a close look at the language use within the comment. we will ask you to judge how well the author expresses herself/himself by means of natural language. how would you rate the text quality of the comment on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A detrimental orthography is defined as any type of non-standard language use, including but not limited to misspellings, abbreviations, emojis, capitalization, punctuation marks, special characters, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or no detrimental orthography
Is the following tweet hateful?
The author's conclusion should be seen as strong if it can be derived from their main premises and if these are sufficiently supported by further arguments or evidence. how would you rate the strength of the author’s conclusion on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic and two sets of beliefs, generate an argumentative claim tailored to the first set of beliefs which could be rebutted using the second set of beliefs.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as polite if it avoids any kind of personal attack against other participants of the discussion (e.g., by insulting them) as well as if it avoids any kind of offensive language that would generally be perceived as inappropriate in public discourse. how would you rate the politeness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given as input two arguments with the same stance on the same debate topic, rewrite them such that they are merged into one stronger argument in terms of text quality and/or argument quality, and preserve the meaning as far as possible.
An argument is missing specificity if it makes generalizations about specific cases. decide whether the argument lacks specificity or does not lack specificity
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if it is about the discussed issue. if you can see that an author argues for a position or against another one, then consider this argumentation to be relevant. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if all premises are true and reliable. notice that there may be cases where particular premises are neither true nor reliable, while other premises are. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argument, identify the assumptions that underlie the argument.
Premises are valid if they contain factual information and no false claims. given the premises below: is premise a better than premise b in terms of validity?
Given the following argument, what is its conclusion?
An argument is irrelevance if the author introduces unrelated information that distracts from the main point of discussion. decide whether the following argument is irrelevant or not irrelevant
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it provides concrete examples that support its claims while argument b uses vague language which makes it difficult to understand what exactly they are trying to say.
Identify the stances for each of the sentences in the given article.
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if it addresses the claims made by another participant in the debate. this means that the argumentation must explicitly address a specific point raised by another debater in order to be locally relevant. in addition, the argumentation needs to provide some form of response to this point, e.g., by either supporting it or challenging it with counter-arguments. you should be open to see an argumentation as relevant even if it does not your match your stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information are worthy of being considered within the discussion of the issue. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following two arguments, decide whether argument a is more convincing because it uses stronger words, phrases, or expressions to convey ideas or emotions effectively.
An argument has unclarity if its premises are not clearly stated and/or do not seem to support the conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argument should be seen as locally acceptable if all premises are individually acceptable for everyone from the expected target audience and the way they are stated is acceptable for everyone from the expected target audience. notice that you may see an argument as locally acceptable even though it does not persuade you of its conclusion. how would you rate the local acceptability of this particular argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a is more convincing because it contains fewer errors, inconsistencies, flaws, false claims, contradictions, lacks of support for its premises, unverified information, irrelevant points, missing links between ideas, unclear statements, vague language, confusing structure, grammatical mistakes, spelling mistakes, typos, etc.
Arguments are more persuasive when their premises are acceptable and sufficient. would you agree with the following statement? the argument is less convincing because it is not supported by evidence or facts.
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate a rebuttal for a given claim tailored to the beliefs (consisting of a counterclaim, reason and warrant).
A claim should be seen as well-founded if it conveys arguments that are supported by evidence, e.g., facts, statistics, examples, personal experience, etc. it should be seen as not well-founded if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the well-foundedness of the author’s claims, then do not judge him or her to be not well-founded.
An argument is self-contradictory if it contains contradictory statements within itself. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is self-contradictory or is not self-contradictory
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if it focuses on the issue at hand rather than discussing something else. this includes both the focus of the central claim and of the composed arguments. notice that sometimes discussions may drift away from the main topic, e.g., when attacking an opponent's character instead of his/her argument. such fallacies of relevance are called ad hominem attacks. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it should be improved or not.
An argumentative discourse unit (adu) can be defined as any clause expressing an idea related to the topic at hand. given the following argument with such a gap, generate a new adu that fills the gap indicated with "<mask>".
An argument has missing evidence if there is no data or factual information supporting its claims. decide whether the argument has missing evidence or does not have missing evidence.
An argument is lacking factual adequacy if it makes claims about facts without any supporting evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks factual adequacy or does not lack factual adequacy
An argumentation has an unclear structure if it does not have a clear line of reasoning that can easily be followed by the reader. it might lack logical order, contain redundancies or contradictions. how would you rate the clarity of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is considered toxic if it contains inappropriate language that may offend others or make them feel uncomfortable. inappropriate language includes profanity, hate speech, racism, sexism, homophobia, threats of violence, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic
Given the following arguments, is argument a or argument b more convincing?
An argument is classified as having detrimental orthography if the author uses non-standard language, spelling or grammar to such an extent that it reduces its comprehensibility. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or not.
A premise can be seen as generally acceptable if its truthfulness is likely to be accepted by most people. how would you rate the general acceptability of this premise on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument organization refers to how well the points made in an essay are organized. an essay with high argument organization score has a clear structure, which makes it easy for readers to follow its arguments. score the argument organization of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (the essay does not have a clear structure and is difficult to follow) 1.5 2.0 (the essay has some structure but is still hard to follow) 2.5 3.0 (the essay has a good structure and is fairly easy to follow) 3.5 4.0 (the essay has a very clear structure and is easy to follow)
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the line of reasoning appears to be coherent and easy to follow. you should also consider whether the argumentation uses appropriate rhetorical devices such as parallelism, metaphors, etc. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is classified as detrimental orthography if it contains spelling, punctuation or grammatical errors that make it difficult to read and understand. given the following argument, decide whether it has detrimental orthography or not.
Argument conclusions are committed when they take a clear position on the issue. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of commitment?
Consider the following argument: is this argument logical?
An argument is lacking consideration if there is little effort made towards considering alternative viewpoints or potential counterarguments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks consideration or does not lack consideration
An argument has emotional appeal if it appeals to emotions, feelings, values, beliefs, prejudices, biases, stereotypes, etc., rather than logic or reason. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has emotional appeal or does not have emotional appeal
Given two versions of the same claim, decide whether they are equivalent or not.
The task is to evaluate how convincing the evidence provided by argument b is compared to the evidence provided by argument a. is argument b more convincing because it provides facts, more support, credible evidence or clear explanation?
An argument is missing a logical structure if it does not contain an explicit reason for the claim, or the connection between the claim and the reason is implicit. given the following argument. decide whether the argument lacks logical structure or does not lack logical structure.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains a hasty generalization, which assumes that what is true for some members of a group will be true for all members.
Consider the following argument (argument a). would you agree with the following statement? argument a is less convincing because it has a flaw in its reasoning.
The following passage contains two arguments. select which one is stronger: argument a or argument b.
Identify the claim from the given argumentative discourse unit (adu).
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it makes unfounded assumptions whereas argument b presents solid reasons why we should accept certain ideas without question.
An argument is missing a conclusion if the claim of the argument is not clearly stated, or it cannot be inferred from the premises. decide whether the argument lacks conclusion or does not lack conclusion
Label each elementary argumentative unit as fact or opinion. fact is an objective proposition, meaning it does not leave any room for subjective interpretations or judgements. for example, “and battery life is about 8-10 hours.”. opinion is a subjective proposition that insists on a specific course of action. for example, “they just weren’t appealing to me”. also, opinion cannot be supported by other elementary units.
Discuss the ethical considerations related to an argument.
Given a claim and a reason, come up with a warrant that explains the reasoning behind this particular argument.
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as clear if the argumentation can be easily followed by everyone from the expected target audience. in order to achieve this, the text needs to provide cues which help the reader to understand the flow of information and ideas, including the relation between the stated premises and conclusions. this includes markers such as “therefore”, “because” etc. furthermore, the ordering of sentences should reflect the logical inference chain. how would you rate the clarity of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is detrimental orthography if it contains excessive use of capital letters, bolding or other emphasis markers. decide whether the argument lacks detrimental orthography or does not lack detrimental orthography
Does the given claim support the argument or not?
An argument has unnecessary jargon if it contains an excessive amount of technical terminology. decide whether the argument has unnecessary jargon or does not have unnecessary jargon
A premise of an argument is acceptable if it is generally accepted among rational agents or if there are sufficient reasons for its acceptance. notice that you may see premises as acceptable even though you do not personally accept all of them. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight the acceptability of the premises for each conclusion when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there are particular premises or conclusions that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a claim and two arguments supporting the claim, determine which of the two arguments provides more support for the claim.
Given two texts, decide whether they express the same stance towards the corresponding big issues.
The overall coherence of an argument depends on how well individual claims are connected to each other. how would you rate the overall coherence of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has a weak or irrelevant premise if its premises are not sufficiently related to the claim. decide whether the argument has weak premises, does not have weak premises.
An argument is circular reasoning if it assumes what it intends to prove. is there a problematic circularity at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Given a sentence, classify it as a “claim” if it includes a statement that takes a position on a specific topic, or as a “non-claim” if it does not include a statement taking a position on a topic.
Rate the degree to which the argument is comprehensive and covers all important points on a scale from 0 (lowest) to 4 (highest)
The relevance of an argumentation can be seen as high if all parts of the text contribute to the main point that is being made. additionally, irrelevant information should not distract from the main message nor weaken it in any way. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as well-structured if its content can easily be understood by the reader without any doubts regarding what the author argues for and how. in addition to that, a good structure also includes that the author’s points are clearly related to each other in terms of topic and meaning. how would you rate the structural quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is detrimental orthography if it contains misspellings, grammatical mistakes, poor formatting or other issues related to writing style rather than content. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography
Is there an attack relation between elementary unit x and y of the same argument? differentiate between rebuttal, undercut and no attack relation. in this scheme, attacks can be either rebuttals (attacks that target the truth value of a proposition) or undercuts (attacks that target the support relations). rebuttal: for an elementary unit x to be a rebuttal for an elementary unit y, it must provide evidence against y. for example, “i bought these headphones because they were cheap.”(x) and “these headphones are terrible.”(y). undercut: for an elementary unit x to be an undercut for an elementary unit y, it must provide evidence against the reason why y holds. for example, “the only issue i have is that the volume starts to degrade a little bit after about six“and i find i have to buy a new pair every year or so.”(x) and “they are great headphones!”(y).
Given the following pair of comments, decide if they have the same claim or not.
An argument is missing reasoning if the author does not provide sufficient evidence or reasons to support his/her claims. decide whether the argument lacks reasoning or does not lack reasoning
An argument is toxic if it contains language that can be offensive to others such as hate speech, obscenity, insults, slurs, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks toxicity or does not lack toxicity
An argument is missing clarity if it displays vagueness, ambiguity or lack of structure in its content, thereby making it difficult to understand what exactly the author’s point is. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The acceptability of the premises of an argument should be seen as high if you find them acceptable in light of your personal background knowledge (and low otherwise). notice that this is different from judging about the sufficiency of the premises. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentative discourse unit (adu) is any text segment which contains an assertion about a target entity. is there a missing adu at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Given two arguments on the same topic, decide whether one argument is an attack to the other or not.
A fallacy is defined here as any invalid reasoning that renders an argument ineffective. is there a problematic fallacy at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
The premise of an argument can be thought of as a claim made in support of the central claim. given the following central claim and an argumentative discourse unit (adu), determine whether the adu is a premise.
An argument is ad hominem if it attacks the person rather than his/her arguments. for example, “don’t listen to him, he’s a liar.” given an argument and the topic of debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument contains ad hominem or not.
An argument is constructive if its goal is to promote mutual understanding of the issue under discussion. decide whether the argument is constructive or not constructive
An argument is bandwagon if it appeals to the popularity of an idea or action without considering its merits. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has bandwagon or does not have bandwagon.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each individual inference step from one premise to another is justified by the argument structure or additional implicit premises that can be assumed to hold in the context. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether all such justification steps are present. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it uses evidence that is reliable, trustworthy, well-supported by facts, data, studies, statistics, expert opinion, personal experience, observation, testimony or common sense.
Argument conclusions are specific when they contain a sufficiently high level of detail in their content. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of specificity?
Given a scientific theory, generate an argumentative claim that supports the theory.
Consider the following arguments:which argument is more convincing in terms of sticking to the topic?
Distinguish, whether the comment is inappropriate regarding the discussed topic or not (appropriate). the key question to answer is: does the author use inappropriate language for this topic?
An argument has toxic emotions if it contains offensive or insulting language, including but not limited to hate speech, swearing and cursing. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
Consider the following two arguments. would you agree with the following statement? argument b is less convincing because it contains an attack on the other side.
Given a premise and a conclusion, generate an argument that supports the conclusion.
Distinguish, whether the comment is reasonable regarding the discussed topic or not (not reasonable). the key question to answer is: does the author make a good point? is he/she right in what he/she says?
Given a comment, decide whether the comment includes an argument or not
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each of its premises provides adequate support for the respective conclusion. notice that it is not generally clear what counts as adequate support. for judging about local sufficiency, please assume that all premises are true and that they are relevant for their respective conclusions. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Produce a short text that argues for or against the following debate topic. you can use any information available online. make sure to cite your sources properly.
An argument is missing respect if it uses offensive language or tries to offend the opponent. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
Identify and describe the rhetorical devices used in an argumentative text.
An argument has false premise if its premises contain factual errors or if they are logically inconsistent with each other. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has false premise or does not have false premise
An argument should be seen as sufficiently supported by its premises if the premises contribute enough information so that the conclusion seems likely to be true. try to adequately weigh your judgments about global acceptability, global relevance, and global sufficiency when judging about sufficient support—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. in doubt, give more credit to global acceptability and global relevance than to global sufficiency due to the limited feasibility of the latter. how would you rate the degree to which the author’s argument is sufficiently
Given two arguments about the same topic, determine which one has better reasoning.
Argument conclusions are valid if they follow from the premise, meaning a logical inference links the premise to the conclusion. given the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains irrelevant information.
Given an argumentative advertisement, identify the type of fallacy used in the text.
An argument has appeal to popularity fallacy if it assumes that something is true or right because many people believe in it. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has appeal to popularity fallacy or does not have appeal to popularity fallacy
An argument has inconsistent reasoning if there is no logical connection between its components (claims and premises). decide whether the argument has inconsistent reasoning or does not have inconsistent reasoning
An argument is missing commitment if the author fails to take a clear position on the topic or does not make it clear whether they support, oppose, or are neutral about the topic. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b), identify which of the two is more persuasive based on its use of logical reasoning and factual evidence.
A premise is valid if it supports the conclusion, meaning there is a logical inference from the premise to the conclusion. is the premise valid?
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if all premises are adequately backed up with supporting statements. notice that local sufficiency is not only concerned with the presence of backing but also with the extent to which this backing is adequate. please judge about local sufficiency according to how well you think the author backs up her/his premises. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as factually correct if all its parts are true according to commonly accepted knowledge or scientific findings. how would you rate the factual correctness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument contains irrelevant premises if one or more of its premises are not related to the claim and do not support the claim in any way. decide whether the argument has irrelevant premises or does not have irrelevant premises
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because its conclusion does not follow from its premise(s), i.e., there are logical fallacies in the reasoning.
Given an argument, identify the fallacy it commits. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
Is the following claim self-evident?
An argument has strong reasoning if it provides evidence or reasons that make the claim more likely to be true. decide whether the argument has strong reasoning or does not have strong reasoning
An argument should be seen as logically sound if the logical connections between its premises and the conclusion are correct. it is possible that an argument may appear persuasive but still contain some logical flaws. how would you rate the logical soundness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is classified as having missing intelligibility if it contains unintelligible words or phrases, grammatical errors that impede understanding the text, or does not use language in a way that facilitates comprehension. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing intelligibility or not.
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate one or more rebuttals in response to the counterarguments.
An argument is missing fairness if it does not present the strongest arguments for and against its claim, but instead only presents those supporting its claim. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. classify the argument as unintelligible, offensive, emotional, reasonable, informative, well-written, other.
An argument can be said to have circularity if it uses its own conclusion as a premise. given the following argument. decide whether the argument has circularity or does not have circularity
A good argument should address all possible objections to its claims. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument addresses all objections or does not address all objections.
Generate a concise summary from a large collection of arguments on a given topic by using key points
An argument commits ad hominem fallacy when it tries to undermine the credibility of the arguer rather than addressing his/her claims. for example: “the fact that my opponent is a smoker undermines his claim that smoking is bad for your health”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits ad hominem fallacy or does not commit ad hominem fallacy.
An argument is toxic if it contains hateful, abusive or insulting language directed towards people or groups of people based on their race, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, nationality, disability status, etc.. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic due to hate speech or not toxic due to hate speech
Given an argument clause and its context in the same document, identify if they are members of the same argument.
An argument fails to consider alternatives if it ignores other possible explanations or solutions to the problem being discussed. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument fails to consider alternatives or does not fail to consider alternatives
An argument is missing clarity if it contains any of the following: - the meaning of some parts are unclear. - it uses many complex words or sentences that make the meaning hard to understand. - there are too many digressions (off-topic statements) in the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
The author cites credible sources to back up his/her assertions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument cites credible sources or does not cite credible sources.
An argumentation should be seen as fair if it respects the opponent’s position, i.e., if it does not misrepresent or distort the opponents’ arguments and if it uses common standards of rationality. how would you rate the fairness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are strong when they follow from the premise in a way that makes it difficult to challenge them. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of strength?
An argument has a problematic enthymematic gap if it is missing an important premise or conclusion that the author should have included to make their point clear. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has a problematic enthymematic gap or does not have a problematic enthymematic gap
A generalization is detrimental if it contains no evidence for its claim, but rather relies on the reader’s own knowledge. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental generalizations or does not have detrimental generalizations
An argument is missing charity if it does not treat opposing views fairly and fails to understand what others are saying before criticizing them. decide whether the argument lacks charity or does not lack charity
Argumentation is globally acceptable when everyone would accept both the consideration of the stated arguments within the discussion of the issue and the way they are stated. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on
Generate an argument for/against a given controversial topic.
An argument has excessive premises if its premise set includes more than one premise that contributes to the conclusion in the same way. decide whether the following argument has excessive premises or does not have excessive premises
Identify all discourse units that are premises for any claim in the given argumentative text.
An argumentation should be seen as well-formed if it contains no flaws of logic and rhetoric. notice that this criterion focuses on the internal structure of the argumentation itself, rather than on its relation with external evidence (e.g., factual errors). how would you rate the formation of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the most relevant and important information in an argumentative text.
Given two modus ponens (modus ponens a and modus ponens b), determine which of the two is more valid.
An argument has unclear reasoning if it contains one or more statements that are difficult to understand. decide whether the argument has unclear reasoning or does not have unclear reasoning
Given a debate topic and two arguments (argument a and argument b) arguing for or against this topic, decide which of the following statements you agree with more:
An argument is missing commitment if it does not contain a clear statement of the author’s standpoint, i.e., either the author’s stance towards the issue cannot be determined or the author did not commit to his/her own standpoint. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Read the following claim and its corresponding stance (yes vs. no). your task is to form a persuasive argument toward the claim that supports the given stance.
An argument has unrelated premise if one or more of its premises do not address the issue of the debate. decide whether the argument has unrelated premise or does not have unrelated premise
Is the last sentence a conclusion?
Decide whether the argumentation should be considered as a good or bad example of an argumentative essay on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing clarity if it displays vagueness, ambiguity or lack of structure in its content, thereby making it difficult to understand what exactly the author’s point is. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity.
A good argumentative summary should be concise but still informative about the main points made in the original arguments. how would you rate the quality of the following argumentative summary on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if every subargument within the argumentation is sufficiently supported by reasons and evidence. note that a locally insufficient argumentation might still be globally sufficient. in other words, there may be some parts of the argumentation that are insufficiently supported but do not affect the overall persuasiveness of the argumentation. please judge local sufficiency only for the part of the argumentation that you see. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a statement consisting of one or more sentences, identify which part of the statement is the conclusion of the argument. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
An argument is vague if its components (claims and premises) are not clear enough to be understood by most readers. decide whether the argument is vague or is not vague
An argumentation should be seen as credible if it seems trustworthy, i.e., if it appears to come from a reliable source and if the provided information can be trusted. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument commits correlation-causation fallacy if it assumes that because two things happen together, one must cause the other. for example: smoking causes lung cancer because most smokers get lung cancer. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits correlation-causation fallacy or does not commit correlation-causation fallacy
Identify the stance of the given text towards the topic “should we ban smoking in public places?”
An argument is inappropriate if it promotes illegal activities or encourages violence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument promotes illegal activities or encourages violence or does not promote illegal activities or encourage violence
Generate a rebuttal for the given argument. the output should be in the format: "rebuttal: <rebuttal>"
An argument has emotional appeal if it uses emotional language or appeals to emotions rather than presenting logical arguments. decide whether the argument has emotional appeal or does not have emotional appeal
An argument is missing credibility if it lacks support by evidence, or the provided evidence is not reliable. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
Argument b is less convincing because it doesn't address the issue.
Given two arguments a and b, which argument do you think is better?
An argument is missing credibility if it lacks trustworthiness in some way. this can be due to a lack of expertise of the author on the topic of the debate, but also for example when an author uses sources that are not trustworthy themselves or when the argument contains false information. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
Does the argument contain language issues, bad grammar, uses humor, jokes or sarcasm?
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if everyone from the expected target audience would accept both the consideration of the stated arguments within the discussion of the
An argument is sufficient if it provides enough evidence or reasons to support its claim. it is insufficient if it does not provide enough evidence or reasons. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is sufficient or is insufficient
An argument has missing commitment if it lacks explicit endorsement of a position, such that it remains unclear what the arguer’s stance on the issue is. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
We say that an argument is logically sound when the premises of the argument lead to its conclusion. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a is more convincing because it is more logically sound than argument b.
An argument is missing intelligibility if it is inappropriate due to incomprehensibility, i.e., if it cannot be understood. this includes arguments that are too long, too complex, or too vague. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing intelligibility or not missing intelligibility.
An argument is inappropriate if the language used is too emotional or offensive, making it hard for readers to focus on the actual content of the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is appropriate or inappropriate.
The use of loaded language refers to using words with strong emotional implications to influence an audience by creating an unfair bias. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses loaded language or does not use loaded language.
Given two arguments on the same topic (argument a and argument b), select which one you find more convincing. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
An argument is missing sufficiency if it provides a justification for its conclusion, but the justification does not suffice to establish the truth of the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
An argumentation should be seen as acceptable if all people from the expected target audience would agree with the author’s stance on the discussed issue. take into consideration the credibility of the author and his or her sources, but also the emotional force of the argumentation. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is seen as coherent if its claims are logically connected and the line of reasoning is easy to follow. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is coherent or incoherent.
Given two arguments: a source argument and a target argument, determine whether they are similar or not.
An argument should be seen as fair if it is unbiased, balanced, objective and justifiable. the author should neither ignore nor downplay important counterarguments but discuss them adequately and honestly. if there are more than one premise in the comment, try to judge their “aggregate” fairness—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. you should be open to see an argument as fair even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. how would you rate the fairness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has no reasoning if it does not provide any reasons in support of its conclusion, or when the reasons are insufficiently clear to be understood as such. decide whether the argument has no reasoning or does not have no reasoning
Identify the stance of the argument towards the topic. come up with a series of computational argumentation tasks:
An argument has insufficient specificity if it does not refer to specific cases but instead makes general statements without providing examples. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient specificity or does not have insufficient specificity
Given two arguments on a topic, decide whether they are mutually exclusive to each other (i.e., they cannot both be true at once).
An argument is missing clarity if it fails to communicate its message in a clear manner. for example, this can happen when there are too many spelling mistakes, when the grammar is poor, when sentences are ambiguous, or when the author uses words that are difficult to understand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argument should be seen as non-credible if you think that the author tries to mislead you. in particular, this applies when the author provides false information or uses logical fallacies. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as successful in providing sufficient support for its claims if all its premises together provide enough evidence for its claims. it should be seen as not successful if some premises are missing or their relevance is questionable. notice that you should not judge about the truth value of the premises, nor about the strength of the logical connection between them and the claims. you should only judge about the sufficiency of the provided premises. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in providing sufficient support for its claims on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is this a premise?
Distinguish between different types of support relations: evidence (e), reason (r) and no support relation (n). support relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions are supported in practical argumentation: reason and evidence. the former can support either objective or subjective propositions, whereas the latter can only support objective propositions. that is, you cannot prove that a subjective proposition is true with a piece of evidence. for example “i love using my laptop to watch netflix.”(y) and “it’s super light weight”(x).
An argumentation should be seen as clear if it is easy for you to understand how the arguments support the author’s stance. notice that clarity is a property of an argumentation relative to you: what is clear for one person need not be clear for another. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The persuasiveness of an argumentation should be seen as high if the content of the argumentation supports the creation of emotions that make the target audience willing to be persuaded by the author (or to agree with the author) in principle. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are well-supported if the supporting premises provide strong and logical reasons for accepting the conclusion. given the conclusion below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of being well-supported?
An argument has missing commitment if the author does not show enough commitment towards his/her own claim, i.e., the author doubts his/her own conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or not missing commitment
An argument lacks commitment if it does not take a clear stance toward the issue, but instead presents both sides of the discussion without making a decision between them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment
An argument is relevant if it is related to the topic and contributes to the discussion of the given issue. decide whether the argument is relevant or not relevant
Argument conclusions are appropriate when they follow from the premises of an argument. is the conclusion appropriate?
An argument has a fallacy of reasoning when it contains an error in its logic, i.e., the conclusion does not follow from the premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has a fallacy of reasoning or does not have a fallacy of reasoning.
An argument commits red herring fallacy if it presents irrelevant information with the intention of distracting the audience from the original argument. for example: “my opponent wants to raise taxes, but we should focus on improving education instead”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits red herring fallacy or does not commit
An argument has inadequate justification if its claims are supported by weak reasons and/or irrelevant examples. decide whether the argument has inadequate justification or does not have inadequate justification
An argumentation should be seen as successful in establishing common ground if it refers to shared values, beliefs, attitudes, etc., either explicitly or implicitly, thereby making use of what both sides agree upon. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the establishment of common ground, then do not judge this aspect negatively. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in establishing common ground on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A comment is off-topic if it does not address the given discussion topic at all. the key question to answer is: does the comment contain any information related to the discussed topic? if yes, then the comment is on-topic. otherwise, it is off-topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is off-topic or on-topic
An argument conclusion is novel when it contains novel premise-related content and/or combination of the content in the premises in a way that goes beyond what is stated in the premise. how would you rate the novelty of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is confirmation bias if it looks for information that confirms existing beliefs while disregarding conflicting information. is there a problematic confirmation bias at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument contains personal attacks if it resorts to insulting or denigrating comments against individuals, groups or organizations. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains personal attacks or does not contain personal attacks.
Identify the stance (for, against) of an argument towards the topic of the debate.
An argumentation should be seen as sufficiently supported if it conveys enough evidence and/or reasons for its conclusion(s) so that every member of the expected target audience can understand why the author holds his or her position regarding the discussed issue. please judge about sufficient support according to whether all main propositions of an argumentation that you see are adequately backed up by evidence and/or reasons. how would you rate the sufficiency of the support of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has missing commitment if the author does not express his/her stance on the issue, either by using vague language (e.g., “i am not sure about this”) or by making a statement that implies indecision (e.g., “this could be good”). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
Given a controversial topic, generate a list of beliefs that could be used to construct an argumentative claim tailored to those beliefs.
An argument is missing relevance if it contains claims that are not related to the topic of the debate. given an argument, decide whether it lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
The given clause is a conclusion.
Segment the review into its elementary argumentative units.
Given a set of arguments and their topics, generate an argumentative claim tailored towards those arguments based on your own beliefs about the given topic.
An argument has insufficient justification if it does not provide sufficient support for its conclusion(s) and/or fails to address relevant counterarguments or alternative perspectives. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient justification or does not have insufficient justification
Consider the following arguments:argument a: vaccines cause autism.argument b: there is no scientific evidence linking vaccines to autism.how would you rate the effectiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument can be considered as offensive when it attacks personal characteristics of another person instead of discussing the matter itself. if this is the case, the argument is fallacious. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is offensive or not offensive
An argument is circular reasoning if it includes the conclusion in the premise(s), i.e. it takes for granted what it sets out to prove. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
An argument has missing premises if some of its premises are not explicitly stated in the text but can be inferred from the context. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing premises or does not have missing premises.
An argument is detrimental to orthography if it does not adhere to standards of written language, such as grammar, spelling, punctuation, capitalization, word choice, sentence structure, paragraphing, formatting, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it has irrelevant premises, premises that don't support the conclusion or are too general to be of use in this case.
You are given a question, stance (yes vs. no) towards this question and an argument that supports this stance. your task is to form a persuasive counterargument toward the question that contradicts with the given stance.
An argument is invalid if the conclusion does not follow from the premise, meaning there is no logical inference linking the premise to the conclusion. is the conclusion valid?
An argument is missing support if it contains an unsupported claim, i.e., a proposition that lacks any kind of supporting information. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks support or does not lack support
An argument is detrimental to the discussion if it contains insults or other content that harms others, e.g., by attacking them personally. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is detrimental to the discussion or is not detrimental to the discussion
Given an argument, its conclusion and the type of reasoning (logos vs. pathos), generate a new premise that supports the given conclusion based on the following type of reasoning.
An argument is unoriginal if it lacks creativity or originality, relying heavily on cliches or common phrases. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is unoriginal or original
A premise is an elementary unit of an argument that provides reasons for why the conclusion should be accepted. given the following central claim and an argumentative discourse unit (adu), determine the argumentative role, i.e. premise or non-premise of the adu.
An argument has a lack of clarity if there are not enough details to understand what is being said, or the author uses confusing language that makes it difficult to interpret their position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b uses argument a's premise(s) to build up its own claim/stance.
An argument is missing charity if it does not make a good-faith effort to consider the strongest version of the opposing view. decide whether the argument lacks charity or does not lack charity.
Given the following argument and a list of possible claims, determine which claim best matches the argument.
An ad verecundiam fallacy occurs when someone appeals to authority as an argument for or against something, but the authority cited either does not exist or is not really an authority on the subject. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Do you agree with the following statement? argument 2 is less convincing because it has irrelevant premises.
Find all possible arguments in the given text.
The following comment has been written in response to another comment (the parent). based on your reading of both comments, decide which of these statements is true: ...the comment attacks the argument of its parent. ...the comment supports the argument of its parent. ...the comment makes no use of the argument of its parent.
An argument is false analogy if it compares two things which are not sufficiently similar. is there a problematic false analogy at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument commits equivocation fallacy if it uses words with multiple meanings interchangeably without clarifying which meaning is intended. for example: “the word ‘gay’ can refer either to happy feelings or to homosexual orientation, depending on context”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits equivocation fallacy or does not commit equivocation fallacy.
The following argument is missing a premise. can you add it?
Determine the stance of the given argument. possible labels include pro, con, none.
A premise is locally acceptable if it is plausible and can reasonably be assumed to be true. if there are multiple premises, try to adequately weight your judgments about local acceptability of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” local acceptability—unless there is a particular premise that dominates your view of an argument. how would you rate the local acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument can be seen as deceptive if it tries to convince us about something without giving any valid reasons for that. this includes arguments that use tricks like false dichotomies, ad hominem attacks, appeals to authority or emotions, etc. how would you rate the deceptiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An ad hominem fallacy involves rejecting an idea based on something about the person who presented the idea rather than on its merits. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is an ad hominem fallacy or not an ad hominem fallacy
Argument a has more details, information, facts, examples, reasons, goes deeper or is more specific than argument b
For each of the two arguments (argument a and argument b) below, determine whether you agree or disagree with the stance presented in the argument.
Produce a short text that argues for or against the following claim: "climate change is caused by human activity."
What kind of attack relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between rebuttal, undercut and no attack relation. the former can attack both objective and subjective propositions, whereas the latter two can only attack objective propositions. that is, you cannot undermine or rebut a subjective proposition. rebuttal: for an elementary unit x to be a rebuttal for a proposition y, it must provide counter evidence that proves y false. for example, “i have had them since christmas 2007 and they are still going strong.”(x) and “the product arrived damage[d],”(y). undercut: for an elementary unit x to be an undercut for a proposition y, it must weaken the support relations among the propositions in the argument. it does so by undermining either a reason (reason), or a piece of evidence (evidence), or another undercut (undercut).
An argument is toxic if it contains an excessive amount of emotions that are used to attack the opponent. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if each elementary unit of the argumentation is connected to at least one other elementary unit by a support relation. it should also be seen as locally relevant if the overall structure of the argumentation follows a coherent line of reasoning. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as logically sound if it adequately justifies its conclusion based on its premises. notice that it is not generally clear how strong the support for the conclusion needs to be in order to consider the argumentation as adequate. there may be cases where only weak support is possible. please judge about logical soundness according to whether the strength of the support is appropriate for the given context. how would you rate the logical soundness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are strong when they follow logically from their premises, i.e., the premises provide sufficient support for the conclusion. is the conclusion strong?
Argument conclusions are supported when they follow logically from the premises. given the conclusion below: is this conclusion well-supported by the given premise?
The style of an argumentation should be seen as well-structured if it consists of clearly distinguishable sentences and paragraphs, i.e., it uses punctuation marks and line breaks appropriately. moreover, it should use appropriate words and phrases to signal the structure of the argument, e.g., by using conjunctions like “because”, “since”, “therefore”, etc. how would you rate the structural organization of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has logical fallacies if its claims are not logically connected. for example, they may contain circular reasoning, false analogy, etc. decide whether the argument has logical fallacy or does not have logical fallacy
An argument can be seen as strong (or weak) depending on how well its premises support its conclusion. if there are more than one premises in an argument, try to adequately weight their relevance when judging about the strength of the whole argument - unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the strength of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Please rate how easy/difficult it was for you to understand the comment on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The author’s argumentation should be seen as sufficiently balanced if it acknowledges opposing views when appropriate, avoiding one-sidedness by considering different perspectives. how would you rate the balance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a comment and an article, generate an argumentative claim tailored to the beliefs expressed in the comment and the article.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if every single argument is adequate enough to support its sub-conclusion. notice that this concept refers to the adequacy of the relation between premises and conclusions rather than to the truth or probability of the premises themselves. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a topic and two arguments about the topic, choose which of the two arguments is more convincing.
Extract all supporting reasons from the following argumentative text.
Generate a new argument that contradicts the given argument
An argument is vague if it uses language that is too general or abstract, making it difficult to interpret exactly what the argument is trying to say about the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is vague or not vague
Given two arguments from different sources, determine which source is more reliable.
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b) that have been annotated with toulmin components, determine whether they are in conflict or not.
The following key point was generated from a collection of arguments on a given topic. does this key point match the topic?
An argument is missing reasonableness if it displays intolerance towards other viewpoints, does not consider them at all or tries to discredit them without giving reasons for doing so. decide whether the argument lacks reasonableness or does not lack reasonableness
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it contains an instance of “appeal to authority” fallacy. appeal to authority involves making claims based on the authority of a person who is not really an expert in the field of interest. for example: "steve jobs said we shouldn't worry about privacy issues, so there is nothing to worry about."
An argument has unrelated claims if some of its claims do not seem to be related to the topic of the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has unrelated claims or does not have unrelated claims.
An argument is missing commitment if it does not address the topic at hand and instead talks about something else entirely. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Identify the central claim from a set of claims extracted from the following argumentative text.
An argument is inappropriate if it makes personal insults or threats directed at specific individuals. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument makes personal insults or threats directed at specific individuals or does not make personal insults or threats directed at specific individuals
An argument is well structured if its premises are clearly stated and connected, if they provide reasons that lead to the conclusion and if these reasons are supported by evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well structured or poorly structured.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it does not contain any irrelevant details, unnecessary digressions or distracting elements that detract from its core message or central thesis.
An argument is specific if it focuses on one aspect of an issue rather than discussing several aspects at once. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is specific or is not specific.
Is the argument persuasive and compelling?
Given two arguments on a topic, decide whether they are both well-supported or poorly supported.
A person who is considered an expert on a particular topic can be called an authority. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument appeals to authority or does not appeal to authority
Given a conclusion and two premises, decide whether the argument is valid or not.
An argument can lack balance if only one perspective is presented while ignoring alternative viewpoints. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks balance or does not lack balance
An argument has inappropriate tone if the author uses rude, aggressive and/or offensive language towards other participants of the debate. decide whether the argument has inappropriate tone or does not have inappropriate tone
An argument has unexplained acronyms if it uses acronyms without explaining their meaning. decide whether the argument has unexplained acronyms or does not have unexplained acronyms
The given clause belongs to the conclusion part of an argument.
Argument quality refers to the strength and clarity of the reasoning presented in an essay. an essay with a high argument quality score presents a well-reasoned and convincing argument, while an essay with a low argument quality score may have weak or unclear reasoning. score the argument quality of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not present a coherent argument or relies on unsupported assertions) 1.5 2.0 (essay presents a weak argument or contains logical flaws) 2.5 3.0 (essay presents a decent argument but could be more persuasive) 3.5 4.0 (essay presents a strong and well-supported argument)
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it addresses potential objections or counterarguments raised by opponents, acknowledging alternative viewpoints but showing why they are less persuasive than the proponent's own position.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it encourages open dialogue among diverse groups even when disagreements arise over sensitive subjects such as religion or race relations.
A conclusion is strong when there are no significant exceptions to the premises and/or the premise-related content that could weaken the conclusion. given the following arguments: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of strength?
An argument is toxic due to missing intelligibility if it contains non-standard language use such as misspellings or grammatical errors. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility due to non-standard language use or does not lack intelligibility due to non-standard language use
An argument is irrelevant when the premises have little or nothing to do with the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or is not irrelevant
An argumentation should be seen as successful in establishing common ground if it conveys arguments and other information in a way that indicates shared values between the author and the reader, e.g., by referring to commonly accepted norms or beliefs. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you think there is some common ground between author and reader, then do not judge the author to be unsuccessful in establishing common ground. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in establishing common ground on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it provides sufficient background information about the context surrounding the issue being discussed so readers can better appreciate the nuances involved.
An argument is not relevant if it does not contribute to a position on the issue, for example because it discusses an unrelated topic or is not specific enough. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is not relevant or is relevant
Given two versions of the same claim: which one do you think better explains why people should believe this claim?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a contains insults against people who hold an opposite opinion than the author.
Classify each of the following sentences as: (1) “argument” if it includes a reason for supporting or opposing the topic; (2) “non-argument” if it does not include a reason or is not relevant to the topic; and (3) “neither” if you cannot determine whether it is an argument or non-argument
An argument is deceptive if it misleads people into thinking something is true when in reality it is false. decide whether the argument is deceptive or not deceptive
The organization of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the different components of the argumentation are well structured and clearly connected, matching with how credibility and emotions are created via the used language and the relevance of the argumentation for the discussed issue. how would you rate the appropriateness of the organization of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentative claim is missing respect if it attacks people instead of their arguments by using insulting language, personal remarks, or offensive comments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
An argument lacks clarity if its components (claims and premises) seem vague or unclear so they cannot be understood easily by readers unfamiliar with them. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
The argumentative discourse unit (adu) in bold represents the stance towards the topic. does this adu represent a pro or con position?
The style of an argumentation should be seen as convincing if it successfully motivates you to follow its line of reasoning—ideally with a strong feeling for why this would be reasonable—and eventually accept the author’s conclusion. how would you rate the convincingness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Extract the central claim from the following argumentative text: “i think social media should be banned for children under 16 because it can have negative effects on their mental health.”
Predict whether the author’s stance on the issue (pro or con) is clear from the given text.
An argument should be seen as credible if the author appears to be knowledgeable about the subject matter, seems trustworthy, and/or has a good reputation. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
What is the overall acceptability of the author’s argument? rate it on the scale "1" (unacceptable), "2" (weakly acceptable), "3" (acceptable) or "4" (strongly acceptable).
An argument is using personal attacks if it contains insults against other participants, including but not limited to swearing at them or calling them names like "idiot". given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses personal attacks or does not use personal attacks
An argumentation should be seen as intelligible if its content is understandable and comprehensible for the target audience. it should be seen as unintelligible if rather the opposite holds. notice that you should judge about how easily understandable and comprehensible the argumentation is for the target audience—not about how much effort you had to put into understanding it. you should also ignore whether the argumentation contains correct facts and valid reasoning—this has nothing to do with intelligibility. how would you rate the intelligibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is rhetorically deceptive if it uses rhetorical tricks like straw man, red herring, ad hominem, etc. decide whether the argument is rhetorically deceptive or not rhetorically deceptive
Given the following two claims (claim a and claim b), determine which of the two is better supported by evidence.
Given a topic, generate a refutation to the rebuttal.
A rebuttal should be seen as relevant if it addresses important aspects of an argument (e.g., one of its premises) and does so in a manner that is appropriate for the context of the debate. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s rebuttal on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The following two arguments discuss the same topic. is argument a more convincing than argument b?
An argument should be seen as locally relevant if its premises are related to its conclusion, i.e., if they provide at least some information that is useful for drawing the conclusion. if you identify more than one argument in the comment, try to adequately weight the relevance of the premises for each argument’s conclusion when judging about their “aggregate” relevance—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. notice that an argument may be relevant even though it does not support the author’s stance on the issue. how would you rate the local relevance of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a set of arguments, determine which one is more convincing (argument 1 or argument 2).
A good argumentation should be seen as well-structured if it presents its arguments with clearly distinguishable premises, conclusions, and relations between them. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has irrelevant reasons if it includes information that does not support its claim and thus makes the argument less convincing. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. determine whether the argument contains irrelevant reasons.
An argument is objective when it focuses on presenting factual information rather than personal opinions or biases. it should also avoid using emotional language or making subjective judgments about the topic being discussed. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is objective or subjective.
Identify the presence of argumentative language, such as claims, evidence, and counterarguments, in the given text.
Is the argument balanced and fair?
The author’s argumentation should be seen as locally insufficient if one of the reasons given for a claim does not provide adequate support for that claim, i.e., if the reasoning is flawed or incomplete. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if it provides arguments and other information that can be accepted by the target audience. notice that you should judge about local acceptability in relation to the author’s target audience, which is not necessarily identical with your own perspective. if an argumentation contains multiple arguments, please rate their “aggregate” local acceptability. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments for/against a topic, predict whether they are attacking or supporting each other
An argument is missing relevance if it displays a lack of connection between premises and conclusions and/or between premises and sub-premises. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
The following are two arguments on the same topic (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a has more assumptions than argument b
An argument is offensive if its language and content violate social norms and expectations for respectful communication (e.g., by using insults, slurs, threats, profanity). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is offensive or not offensive
Given an argumentative claim, select the type of style issue from the defined set (formal vs casual tone, objective vs subjective wording, passive voice vs active voice, use of jargon or technical terms, other) that should be improved when revising the claim.
Assess how strongly the content of an argumentation creates credibility and emotions. try to adequately weigh your judgments about both dimensions—credibility and emotions—when assessing the strength of the created credibility and emotions. if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weigh the strength of the created credibility and emotions by each argument when assessing the “aggregate” strength of the created credibility and emotions—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the strength of the created credibility and emotions on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Extract the stance (pro/con) of the given argument towards the topic
The comment... ...explicitly attacks the author. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks the author. ...makes no use of the author. ...vaguely/implicitly supports the author. ...explicitly supports the author.
An argument has toxic emotions if its components (claims and premises) seem to contain hate speech, racism, sexism, offensive language, etc. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
An argument has a red herring reasoning if its premises introduce unrelated information into the discussion in order to distract from the main point being made. decide whether the argument has red herring reasoning or does not have red herring reasoning
An argument is missing well-groundedness if it provides little or no evidence to support its premises and conclusions. decide whether the argument lacks well-groundedness or does not lack well-groundedness
Given two arguments a and b, which one provides more relevant information?
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate a persuasive essay that acknowledges the beliefs but argues for a different perspective.
An argument has ad hominem attacks if the author uses personal insults or derogatory language against other participants in the debate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains ad hominem attacks or does not contain ad hominem attacks.
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate a claim tailored to the beliefs that can be used as a starting point for an argument.
Consider the following pair of arguments (argument a and argument b) which have different claims. would you agree with the following statement?argument a has better quality because it contains more details.
Argument coherence is the extent to which an argument's parts fit together logically and make sense as a whole. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument lacks coherence (yes) or does not lack coherence (no).
For each pair of adus, decide whether they are connected by any argumentative relation (e.g. support or attack).
Does the author’s argumentation express commitment to the discussed issue? if so, how would you rate it on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Distinguish whether the comment is a personal attack (pa) or not (non-pa). the key question to answer is: does the author intend to offend or insult another user by attacking them on a personal level?
An argument is seen as comprehensible if it does not include any typos and grammatical errors which can confuse the reader. decide whether the argument has comprehensibility issues or does not have comprehensibility issues.
An argument has missing commitment if its premises do not support the claim and/or the author does not commit themselves to their own claims. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
A good argument should avoid attacking the opponent’s character (ad hominem). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument attacks the opponent’s character (ad hominem)
An argument has confusing vocabulary if its words are not used properly or do not have any meaning at all. decide whether the argument has confusing vocabulary or does not have confusing vocabulary
An argument commits a false dilemma fallacy if it presents only two options as possible when there are actually more possibilities. for example: you're either with us or against us. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits false dilemma fallacy or does not commit false dilemma fallacy
Given three arguments, decide whether they are compatible or contradictory.
Is the given clause an argument component? if so, what type is it?
Given two texts (claim 1 and claim 2), does claim 1 contradict claim 2?
An argument is considered to be a fallacy if it has an incorrect inference. given the following argument and the topic of the debate, decide whether the argument commits any fallacies.
Identify whether the given clause belongs to the introduction of an argumentative essay.
An argument has insufficient support if there is no evidence provided for the premises of the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument
If an argument is clear, then it is easy to understand. if an argument is unclear, then it is hard to follow or confusing. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argumentation mining is concerned with the automatic extraction of structured knowledge from unstructured text by identifying argumentative discourse units (adus) and their relations. for instance, given the following argument with such a gap, generate a new adu that fills the gap indicated with "<mask>".
An argument is lacking in credibility if it has a poor reputation or is from an unreliable source. given the following argument and its source. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility.
An argument is valid if its conclusion follows from its premise(s), i.e., there exists a logical inference between them. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of validity?
Given a counterargument and a reservation, decide whether the reservation undermines the counterargument or not.
Distinguish whether a comment is an agreement with another post (agreement) or not (not agreement). the key question to answer is: does the author agree with what was previously said?
Given an argumentative text and a stance label (agree/disagree/neutral), generate an argument that supports the given stance.
An argument is persuasive if you believe that someone who does not already agree with the author’s viewpoint would find this argument convincing. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a is more convincing because it is less repetitive: it avoids unnecessary repetition, does not repeat the same points over and over again, does not use filler words or phrases, etc.
An argument is toxic if it attacks the other party or expresses hate speech. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic
An argument is missing intelligibility if it is hard to understand due to orthographic errors, ungrammatical sentences or unclear expressions. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
Is the argument biased towards a particular viewpoint? 34
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it provides stronger evidence for its claims, offers more support, presents a clearer case, or gives better reasons for believing something.
An argument is relevant to the topic of discussion if its content pertains to the matter being discussed. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is relevant or is not relevant.
The acceptability of an argumentation should be seen as high if the used language does not contain any inappropriate words or expressions. this includes swearwords but also other types of expressions which may be considered offensive by some readers. notice that this criterion is concerned with the style of expression rather than the content of the argumentation. how would you rate the acceptability of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments (argument 1 and argument 2) about the same topic, decide if argument 2 is more convincing than argument 1.
An argument lacks reasoning if it does not have any reasoning or has only very little reasoning. decide whether the argument lacks reasoning or does not lack reasoning
Is the following argument well-arranged or not?
An argument is intelligible if it is clear what is being argued for. this means that all claims made are comprehensible and can be understood by other participants of the discussion. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
An argument is classified as non-convincing if it does not meet at least one of the criteria: acceptability, sufficiency, clarity, novelty, relevance, cogency, readability. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is non-convincing or not non-convincing
An argument is missing commitment if it does not clearly express a position on the issue or makes a statement that could be interpreted as both for and against the topic of discussion. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument has vagueness if it contains vague words or phrases whose meaning cannot be clearly understood. decide whether the argument has vagueness or does not have vagueness
The conclusion of an argument should be seen as relevant for the topic of discussion if it contributes to resolving the issue under debate. notice that a conclusion may be considered as relevant even though you do not personally agree with it. how would you rate the relevance of the conclusions of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a topic and a set of beliefs, generate a concession tailored to the beliefs and potentially also supported by evidence in order to acknowledge the validity of a counterargument while still maintaining one's own position.
An argumentation should be seen as comprehensible if it is easy to understand the author’s arguments and their interrelations. how would you rate the comprehensibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
What is the main claim of the following argumentative text?
An argument is poorly written if it contains grammatical errors, typos, or awkward phrasing that detracts from its overall clarity and effectiveness. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is poor writing quality or not poor writing quality
A premise is sufficient for a claim if it adequately rebuts those counter-arguments to the claim that can be anticipated. notice that it is not generally clear which and how many counter-arguments can be anticipated. there may be cases where it is infeasible to rebut all such objections. please judge about sufficiency according to whether all main objections to the claim are rebutted. decide whether the premise in the given argument is sufficient for the claim or not.
An argument has misleading reasoning if it uses a claim or premise that is deceptive, confusing, or not logical. decide whether the argument has misleading reasoning or does not have misleading reasoning.
An argument has toxic emotions if it contains strong negative emotions like anger, hate, rage, frustration, fear, etc., expressed by using swear words, abusive language, threats, insults, or other verbal attacks against individuals, groups, or institutions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
Given a topic and a list of arguments, rank the arguments by their quality.
A good argument should be intelligible, i.e., easy to understand for its audience. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is intelligible or not intelligible.
Given a controversial topic and two arguments (pro and con), determine whether they are relevant for the topic or not.
An argument is anecdotal fallacy if it presents an isolated example as proof for its claims. for example: i met someone yesterday who was cured from cancer through prayer. therefore, prayer can cure any disease. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits anecdotal fallacy or does not commit anecdotal fallacy.
Is the following statement true?this argument contains irrelevant information.
An argument has unsupported assertions if it makes statements without offering supporting evidence. decide whether the argument has unsupported assertions or does not have unsupported assertions
Given two arguments (argument a and
An argument is a slippery slope if it claims that one thing will inevitably lead to another without providing any evidence for this claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a slippery slope or not a slippery slope
Given a controversial topic, generate a claim that is likely to convince someone who holds these beliefs
An argument is well-formed if its claims are verifiable and relevant, and if the reasoning is clear and understandable. it is ill-formed if any of these conditions are not met. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well-formed or is ill-formed
An argumentation should be seen as convincing if it succeeds in persuading the reader of the author’s stance regarding the discussed issue. it should be seen as not convincing if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you are convinced by the author’s argumentation, then do not judge it to be unconvincing. how would you rate the degree to which the author’s argumentation convinces you of his or her stance on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The comment can be classified into three categories: persuasive, not persusasive, and inconclusive. a comment is persuasive when the author intends to convince us clearly about his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic. on the contrary, a comment is not persuasive when the author does not intend to persuade us. otherwise, the comment is inconclusive.
An argument is missing sincerity if it is either ironic or sarcastic (i.e., not meant to be taken literally) and/or does not reflect the author’s true beliefs. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sincerity or does not lack sincerity
Identify the stance (yes vs. no) towards this question in the given comment
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if its components are clearly and logically connected to each other. the structure of the argumentation should make it easy for you to understand without doubts how the author supports his or her stance on the discussed issue. how would you rate the clarity of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following argumentative discourse unit (adu) and its context in the debate (i.e., previous adus), rewrite it such that it improves in terms of text quality and/or argument quality, and preserves the meaning as far as possible.
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b), decide which one is more relevant to the discussion about the topic “should all countries have mandatory military service?”
A rebuttal is defined here as any argumentative discourse unit (adu) that responds to another adu by denying its validity or relevance. given the following two arguments, generate a new adu that rebuts the second one
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if you personally accept all or most of them to be true and relevant for the author’s reasoning. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are relevant if they address the issue raised by the premise and directly answer the question posed by the topic. given the conclusion below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of relevance?
The author’s argument has an acceptable level of acceptability if it does not contain premises that are highly implausible, i.e., premises that most people would consider false or unacceptable for other reasons (e.g., they violate fundamental moral values). how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Decide whether the following statement is true for argument a:argument a is more convincing because it has better evidence, examples or facts supporting it.
An argumentation should be seen as containing good warrants if its arguments use generally accepted principles of inference. please judge about warrant strength according to whether you think that the author uses appropriate generalizations when drawing conclusions from premises. how would you rate the warrant strength of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments, decide if they are paraphrases (i.e., have similar meaning) or not.
An argumentative comment should be seen as clear if the language used by the author makes their argumentation easy to understand. notice that clarity does not presuppose acceptability, i.e., you may see a comment as clear even though you do not personally accept all of the author’s claims. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A premise is “acceptable” if it can be reasonably assumed to be true by someone who has not yet made up their mind about the conclusion of an argument. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are valid if they follow from the premise, meaning a logical inference links the premise to the conclusion. given as input an argumentative claim along with context information on the debate, decide whether the argument has a valid conclusion
Given two arguments about a social issue, decide which one is more persuasive.
Is the conclusion acceptable? acceptability refers to how much you accept the content of the conclusion, i.e., its truthfulness. how would you rate the acceptability of the conclusion of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has any logical fallacy or not. if it does, provide the type of the fallacy.
Argument conclusions are explicit when they contain all necessary premise-related content for drawing a conclusion. is the conclusion explicit?
An argument is missing respectfulness if it contains attacks against other participants in the discussion. decide whether the argument lacks respectfulness or does not lack respectfulness
Given as input two arguments on a controversial debate topic and their corresponding stances, determine which argument is more convincing.
Consider the following question and stance towards this question. your task is to form a persuasive argument toward the question that supports the given stance based on facts and reasoning rather than emotions and feelings.
An argument is red herring if it introduces irrelevant material to the issue being discussed. is there a problematic red herring at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument has toxic language if the language used in the argument can be considered inappropriate for the context of a debate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic.
An argumentation should be seen as persuasive if you are persuaded by the stated arguments and see them as strong enough for convincing other people from the expected target audience. notice that you may see an argumentation as not persuasive even though you agree with the author’s stance. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if the arguer does not seem to stand behind his/her claims, e.g., by using impersonal constructions or tentative language. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
The argument is not convincing because it is attacking, abusive or disrespectful.
Given a set of talking points, termed key points, rank them according to their importance for the summary of a large collection of arguments on a given topic.
Is the author’s argument coherent?
An argument is missing relevance if it does not address the issue at hand or if it introduces irrelevant information that distracts from the main point. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is based on false information if it relies on facts that are incorrect or fabricated. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is based on false information or is not based on false information
An argument is unacceptably vague if it contains unclear or ambiguous statements that prevent the reader from understanding the author’s opinion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is unacceptably vague or not unacceptably vague
An argument has strong reasoning if the logical connection between its premises and conclusion is clear, valid, and supported by evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has strong reasoning or does not have strong reasoning
An argument is missing counter-argument if it does not acknowledge the opposing side’s position, but only focuses on the supporting side. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks counter-argument or does not lack counter-argument
Given two texts that present opposing views on some topic, decide whether these two texts are comparable, i.e. address the same topic.
An argument has detrimental orthography if its language is offensive or aggressive towards any participant (including the audience) of the discussion. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography
An argument has confusing reasoning if its components (claims and premises) seem not to be connected logically. is this argument well-reasoned?
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it is not based on premises that are questionable. notice that it is not generally clear whether a premise is unquestionable or not. there may be cases where the truth of a premise is debatable, and there may be even more cases where the questionability of a premise depends on one’s own beliefs and knowledge. please judge about global acceptability according to whether you think all premises of an argumentation are acceptable. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments, determine whether they are pro/con on the same issue or not (binary classification).
Argument conclusions are well-supported when they are backed by strong evidence, logical reasoning, and/or expert opinions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument conclusion is well-supported or not well-supported.
An argument is emotionally persuasive if the emotions appealed to are used in a reasonable manner to make the argument stronger. decide whether the argument is emotionally persuasive or not emotionally persuasive
An argument is missing important context if it fails to provide necessary background information needed to understand the argument, but instead provides irrelevant or redundant information. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks context or does not lack context
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if all of its arguments and premises contribute to the resolution of the given issue, i.e., if they provide information that helps to arrive at an ultimate conclusion regarding the discussed issue. notice that you do not need to judge whether the given information is actually correct but only whether it contributes to the discussion of the issue. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following central claim and an argumentative discourse unit (adu), determine the argumentative role, i.e. proponent or opponent of the adu.
Given an argument and a type of reasoning (logos vs. pathos), your task is to rate how well the argument employs the given type of reasoning on a scale from 0 to 3.
Given the following argumentative discourse unit, determine whether the claim is a conclusion or not.
Distinguish, whether the comment is inappropriate due to other reasons regarding the discussed topic or not (not inappropriate due to other reasons). the key question to answer is: is this a bad comment for any other reason than toxic emotions, missing commitment or missing intelligibility?
An argument is ethically deceptive if it contains an ethical fallacy, i.e., if there are deceptive tricks that go against moral values or norms of fairness and honesty. decide whether the argument is ethically deceptive or not ethically deceptive
An argument is misleading when it uses logical fallacies such as red herring, ad hominem attacks, etc., or appeals to emotions instead of logic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is misleading or not misleading.
An argument can be irrelevant if its content does not contribute meaningfully to the discussion. this includes discussing topics unrelated to the issue being debated, making statements that are not relevant to the point being made, or using language that is too vague or general to be meaningful. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or relevant.
An argument contains an appeal to authority fallacy if it tries to gain support by appealing to a person who is not qualified to make authoritative claims on the subject. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument contains appeal to authority fallacy or does not contain appeal to authority fallacy.
An argument is missing intelligibility if it is difficult or impossible for readers to understand what point the writer is trying to make. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
Given a topic and a set of beliefs, generate a postulate tailored to the beliefs and potentially also supported by evidence in order to assert a fundamental principle or assumption that serves as a basis for further reasoning.
Rate the relevance of each premise in relation to the conclusion(s) of the author's argumentation, i.e., how much do you think that the premise contributes to the acceptance or rejection of the conclusion(s). you should be open to see a premise as relevant even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. how would you rate the relevance of the following premise on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if it does not display an active engagement with the issue being discussed and/or its opposing viewpoints. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if all its premises are adequately supported by further reasons. notice that there may be cases where this cannot be achieved within a single comment; but still, an author should provide some support for their premises. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is unfalsifiable if the author makes a claim that cannot be disproved due to lack of supporting evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is unfalsifiable or falsifiable
Given a topic and a set of claims, find all claims that are relevant for the given topic.
An argument is an appeal to authority if it cites a source of information or opinion as evidence for its claims, without providing additional supporting evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is appeal to authority or not appeal to authority
An argumentation should be seen as comprehensible if you can easily understand what the author wants to say, i.e., if it is clear how the arguments and other information provided in the comment relate to each other. in particular, try to assess whether the conclusion of the argumentation is clearly stated. how would you rate the comprehensibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation can be seen as relevant if it stays focused on the topic under discussion and does not include any irrelevant information that distracts from the main point. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The author’s argumentation should be seen as globally consistent if all its parts are logically compatible, i.e., if none of them contradicts any other part. how would you rate the global consistency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A cherry-picking fallacy selects only favorable evidence while ignoring contradictory information. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a cherry-picking fallacy or not a cherry-picking fallacy
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it does not contain any unfounded assumptions, unsupported claims or baseless assertions that cannot be verified through empirical evidence or logical reasoning.
Given a topic, stance and evidence, your task is to form a persuasive argument toward the given topic that supports the given stance based on the provided evidence
An argument conclusion is valid
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it is irrelevant, off-topic, unrelated, distracting, digressive, tangential, beside the point, goes astray, wanders away from the main issue or strays from the subject at hand.
An argument is detrimental to a discussion if it contains toxic language, such as profanity, obscenity, hate speech, racial slurs, sexually explicit language, personal attacks, threats, harassment, bullying, abuse, offensive comments, insults, or other inappropriate content. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography
An argument is not credible if it contains false claims, unverifiable claims, biased language, appeals to emotion, logical fallacies, vague claims, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility.
An argumentation should be seen as factual if the arguments made refer to facts rather than opinions, speculations or value judgements. how would you rate the factuality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing intelligibility if it cannot be understood by anyone who doesn't know much about the issue at hand. this can happen when people use jargon without defining terms first, assume background knowledge that isn't shared between participants etc.. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it can be considered as optimal (optimal) or needs further revision (suboptimal).
The quality of an argumentation should be seen as high if the author presents arguments that are relevant and strong enough to support his or her conclusion. it should be seen as low if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the author’s credibility, then do not judge him or her to be not credible. how would you rate the quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as globally sufficient if it contains a sufficient amount of information such that everyone from the expected target audience would consider it acceptable and relevant. notice that the sufficiency of an argumentation may depend on the knowledge of its expected target audience. how would you rate the global sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is begging the question if it assumes the truth of the conclusion in the premise, leading to a self-reinforcing loop. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide
An appropriate argument is one that is logically sound and well-supported. it is based on facts and evidence, and does not rely on personal attacks or emotional appeals. an inappropriate argument, on the other hand, may contain logical fallacies, be poorly supported, or use personal attacks or emotional appeals to make its point. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is inappropriate due to toxic emotions or not inappropriate due to toxic emotions
An argument is a begging the question if it uses circular logic to support its own conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a begging the question or not a begging the question
An argument is missing consistency if it displays contradictory viewpoints on the same topic without resolving them. decide whether the argument lacks consistency or does not lack consistency
A key point is one of several talking points used to form a concise summary from a large collection of arguments on a given topic. is this statement a key point?
Given two arguments, which do you think is more convincing?
An argument is missing fairness if it displays bias towards one side of an issue without considering other perspectives equally. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is fair or is unfair
How would you rate the persuasiveness of the author's argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)? persuasive arguments are those that successfully convince someone of something. in order for an argument to be persuasive, it must have strong evidence and reasoning that supports its main points.
An argumentation should be seen as respectful if it avoids ad hominem attacks, i.e., personal insults and other offensive language. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you are unsure whether the author’s arguments contain any of such features or not, then do not judge him or her to be disrespectful. how would you rate the respectfulness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The content of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if it is suitable for the discussed issue within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue), matching with how credibility and emotions are created via the style of the argumentation. you should consider the choice of topics addressed by the author, their relation to the discussed issue, and whether they are proportional to the discussed issue. how would you rate the appropriateness of the content of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A toxic emotion refers to a negative feeling which does not contribute to an argumentation but rather hinders its progress. it may include insults, personal attacks, or offensive language. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions or does not contain toxic emotions
Given the following argument, determine whether the premises of this argument support its conclusion.
Given two arguments that appear in the same essay, decide whether they are related to each other or not
Distinguish, whether the comment is well-written regarding the discussed topic or not (not well written). the key question to answer is: is the comment grammatically correct? are there any spelling mistakes?
An argument is missing seriousness if it is either trolling others by suggesting (explicitly or implicitly) that
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it has more support for its claims, presents more evidence, provides more reasons, cites more sources, contains more links to external sites or includes more examples.
An argument is missing reasoning if it fails to provide any explanation or justification for its claims, which can include evidence, examples, reasons, etc. decide whether the argument lacks reasoning or does not lack reasoning
You are given two arguments and a question that asks for your stance towards the question. your task is to form a persuasive argument toward the question that supports the given stance by combining information from both arguments.
Is this argument clause an implicit premise?
You are given an argumentative text and a stance (yes vs. no) towards the topic of this text. your task is to form a persuasive counterargument that opposes the given stance.
An argument is not well-founded if it lacks evidence, data, facts, examples etc., to support its premises and conclusion. given the following argument: decide whether the argument lacks well-foundedness or does not lack well-foundedness
An argument uses poor language if it employs unclear, imprecise, or confusing terminology, leading readers to misunderstand what is being said. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses poor language or does not use poor language
A toxic emotion is an emotional reaction that causes harm to oneself, others, or both. it can be expressed through aggressive language, insults, or personal attacks. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions or does not contain toxic emotions
An argument is missing structure if it lacks clear organization, coherence, and logical flow. decide whether the argument lacks structure or does not lack structure.
Identify the type of evidence used in the given clause.
Generate the rebuttals for the given arguments.
An argument is well-structured if its premises are presented in a logical order, such that each premise builds on previous ones, and they all lead up to the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has well-structured or not well-structured
Identify the argumentation structure in the given text. decide whether it is a monologue, dialogue or non-argument.
An argument is non-verbatim if it rephrases someone else's position instead of using direct quotes. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is non-verbatim or is verbatim.
The structure of an argumentation can be seen as appropriate if the order in which the author presents his/her thoughts appears suitable for the creation of credibility and emotions, e.g., if the author first introduces some background information about the discussed issue before presenting his/her own opinion and/or if the author clearly states his/her position towards the discussed issue at the beginning of the argumentation. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it can be considered to be phrased more or less optimally (optimal) or in need of further revision (suboptimal).
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each premise adequately supports its conclusion. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether all premises of the author’s argumentation are sufficiently supported. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if it contributes to the resolution of the issue that has been raised by another user in the discussion thread. in other words, the question is whether the provided arguments and information are worthy of being considered within the context of the specific debate situation. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is deceptive if the language used in the argument contains a misleading statement or fact. decide whether the following argument is deceptive or not deceptive.
An argument should be seen as locally acceptable if its premises can be accepted by reasonable people who do not have their own stake in the issue under consideration. in this regard, consider how well the premises are supported by objective facts and reliable sources, and consider whether they are consistent with commonly shared values and beliefs. also, pay attention to possible fallacies, such as generalizations from too small samples, circular reasoning, appeals to emotion rather than logic, etc. if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weight the acceptability of each argument when judging about their “aggregate” local acceptability—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is poorly structured if its components are not logically connected or their logical relations are not clear. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is poorly structured or is well structured.
Given two arguments from different articles, decide which one is better (argument 1 or argument 2).
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it makes assumptions that are not backed up by facts, does not provide enough support for its conclusion, or does not have sufficient reasoning to support its claim.
An argument is convincing if it provides strong evidence for the claim and counterarguments are addressed properly. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks convincingness or does not lack convincingness.
Argument premises are novel when they contain content that goes beyond what was stated before in the discussion. is the premise novel?
The relevance of a premise is defined here as the degree to which it contributes to the acceptance of the conclusion it supports, i.e., the extent to which it helps establish the truth of the conclusion. if there are multiple conclusions and/or premises in the comment, try to adequately weight the relevance of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” relevance—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation.
Given a controversial topic and a stance towards it, generate a set of beliefs supporting the stance.
Is the argument compelling and persuasive?
An argument is irrelevant if it does not address the question at hand and thus fails to contribute to resolving the issue. notice that such an argument can still be relevant to another issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or not irrelevant
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if all premises are adequately justified. this means that all premises are either self-evident or explicitly backed up with further reasons. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is well-arranged if it presents its premises and conclusion in a logical order. notice that some parts may be clear (e.g., the issue) and thus left implicit. how would you rate the arrangement of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing precision if the argument fails to clearly define terms used in the argument or fails to provide sufficient details to allow for a proper evaluation of the argument. decide whether the argument lacks precision or does not lack precision
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it adequately rebuts those counter-arguments that were raised within the same debate. notice that local sufficiency may not imply global sufficiency because there may be further objections that can be anticipated but have not been mentioned in the debate so far. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument relevance refers to how relevant an essay’s claims and evidence are to its thesis. an essay with a high argument relevance score presents claims and evidence that support the thesis and would convince most readers. score the argument relevance of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not make any claims or provide any evidence for its thesis) 1.5 2.0 (essay makes some claims and provides some evidence but they do not really relate to the thesis) 2.5 3.0 (essay makes claims and provides evidence that relate to the thesis but could be more directly related) 3.5 4.0 (essay makes claims and provides evidence that directly relate to the thesis)
Argumentative discourse units can take different roles within an argument. one important distinction is between proponent and opponent roles. a proponent role indicates that the adu supports the central claim of the argument, while an opponent role indicates that the adu challenges the central claim. given the following central claim and an argumentative discourse unit (adu), determine the argumentative role, i.e. proponent or opponent of the adu.
An argument should be seen as well-structured if it follows logical rules such as non-contradiction, modus ponens, etc. how would you rate the well-structuredness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it uses more credible sources of information, e.g., official government reports, peer-reviewed scientific papers, well-known experts, etc.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each of its premises provides enough support for the respective conclusion(s) drawn from it. notice that this does not mean that there cannot be additional premises that provide further support. also notice that local sufficiency does not imply global sufficiency since the latter requires that also possible counter-arguments are sufficiently addressed. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing openness to other’s arguments if it either fails to acknowledge or respond to opposing viewpoints in a discussion or distorts them unfairly. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks openness or does not lack openness
An argument is ad hominem fallacy if it attacks a person's character instead of addressing the issue at hand. for example: my opponent clearly has no idea what he's talking about so his points are irrelevant. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits ad hominem fallacy or does not commit ad hominem fallacy.
An argument is appropriate if the used language supports the creation of credibility and emotions as well as if it is proportional to its topic. how would you rate the appropriateness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Produce a short text that argues for or against the following debate topic and contains at least 2 elements of toxicity (i.e., anger, hatred, fear).
The persuasiveness of an argumentation should be seen as high if you would find it convincing and likely to change your mind about the discussed issue. you may see an argumentation as persuasive even though it does not match your own stance on the issue. how would you rate the degree of persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The persuasiveness of an argument should be seen as high if you think it may convince others, i.e., if it makes you think that others might find its content acceptable or even true. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Produce an argumentative claim that is relevant to the following debate topic.
You are given the following question, stance (yes vs. no) towards this question and a type of reasoning (logos vs. pathos
An argument is logically persuasive if the logic behind the argument makes sense. decide whether the argument is logically persuasive or not logically persuasive
Given two arguments a and b, determine whether argument a is more convincing than argument b or not (more convincing or not more convincing).
Given an argumentative text, which of the following
An ad hominem (latin for 'to the person') argument attacks a person making the argument rather than the substance of the argument itself. the logical fallacy of attacking a claim by attacking the motives of the proposer of the claim is referred to as an ad hominem fallacy. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has ad hominem or does not have ad hominem
Given the following two argument conclusions (conclusion a and conclusion b), determine whether the two conclusions are contradictory to each other.
Given an argument, identify any examples of appeals to emotion where emotions are used as deceptive tricks to win, derail, or end the discussion.
A premise of an argument should be seen as acceptable if it is reasonable to accept the claim that it makes. you should be open to see a premise as acceptable even if you do not agree with it, e.g., because it is consistent with other claims made by the author or because there are reasons why someone could reasonably believe in it. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Do you consider the article to contain an argument?
Does the following claim belong to a premise?
An argumentation should be seen as sufficiently developed if it presents sufficient information to back up its arguments in a way that is acceptable to everyone from the expected target audience. in your view, does the author’s argumentation provide enough evidence or examples to make his/her points clear? how would you rate the development of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument contains language issues when it contains spelling errors, grammar mistakes, inappropriate wording, vulgar expressions, or excessive use of capitalization. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has language issues or does not have language issues.
An argument is confusing if it has unclear meaning or confusing reasoning. decide whether the argument is confusing or not confusing
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as logical if it uses well-ordered and connected sentences and paragraphs so that you can easily follow the line of thought from beginning to end. in particular, this means that the individual sentences and paragraphs are arranged in such a way that they build upon each other and do not contradict themselves. how would you rate the logic of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An ad hominem fallacy occurs when someone attacks their opponent’s character instead of properly addressing their claims. given an argument and a topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has ad hominem fallacy or does not have ad hominem fallacy
Identify the ambiguity that allows multiple interpretations in the given argument.
An argument is missing commitment if it is vague, ambiguous, noncommittal or tentative with respect to its stance on the issue under discussion. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Given a claim and an argument, decide whether the argument is in need of further revision or can be considered to be phrased more or less optimally (suboptimal or optimal). for example, “the current u.s. tax code should be replaced with a flat tax system.”(claim) and “it's too complicated.”(argument).
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if each of its propositions contributes to the conclusion of its parent argument. in particular, the premises of an argument must provide reasons for believing the conclusion, and the premises of a counter-argument must provide reasons against believing the conclusion. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The quality of reasoning can be thought of as the degree to which the premises support the claim and avoid logical fallacies. how would you rate the quality of reasoning on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following two versions of the same claim, decide which version is more clear (claim 1 or claim 2).
An argumentation should be seen as cogent if it presents true reasons for accepting its conclusion. notice that evaluating the truth of reasons requires domain-specific background knowledge. how would you rate the cogency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Evaluate the relevance of the following argument to the original topic or question.
An argumentation should be seen as successful in using appropriate language if it conveys arguments and other information in a way that uses words and sentences that are suitable for the discussed issue and understandable for the target audience. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. notice that you should not judge about the persuasiveness of the used language, but you should decide whether the language is adequate for the given setting (online debate forum)—or not. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in using appropriate language on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing information if it does not provide enough facts or details about the issue, such that it becomes difficult to understand what the author means. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing information or does not miss information
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it is consistent and does not contain obvious flaws. consistency refers to the coherence of the argumentation, i.e., whether the provided arguments and information fit together logically. obvious flaws refer to logical fallacies that can easily be spotted by someone who is familiar with the discussed issue. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is deceptive if it contains false or misleading claims. decide whether the argument is deceptive or not deceptive
Argumentation is a process of reasoning with the goal to persuade others. it involves presenting reasons, evidence, and logic in support of a particular position or conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has excessive intensity or does not have excessive intensity
An argument is irrelevant if it does not address the issue at hand, but instead introduces a different matter into the discussion. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or not irrelevant
An argument should be seen as balanced if it acknowledges and discusses arguments with opposing viewpoints. decide whether the argument lacks balance or does not lack balance
An argument is missing reasonableness if its claims lack any evidence or proof, or do not support the conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks reasonableness or does not lack reasonableness
Given a topic, generate a single argument either for or against the topic.
An argument is missing good faith if it misrepresents other arguments (i.e., straw-manning) or makes personal attacks against individuals rather than addressing their points directly. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks good faith or does not lack good faith
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it uses sources incorrectly, such as citing a source that does not exist, citing a source out of context, using fake news or misleading statistics.
Given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), decide which argument provides better evidence for the given claim.
Find the stance expressed by the author towards the topic: favor, against or neither.
A successful use of language includes the choice of words, phrases, and other linguistic means that support the creation of credibility and emotions as well as the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation. it should be seen as unsuccessful if rather the opposite holds. how would you rate the success of the author’s use of language on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument lacks sufficient logic if there are logical inconsistencies within its reasoning or if its conclusions do not follow logically from its premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument lacks logic or does not lack logic.
What kind of support relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between explicit and implicit supports. a support is an elementary unit that supports another elementary unit or a proposition in the same argument. the two types of supports are: explicit: for an elementary unit x to be an explicit support for a proposition y, it must explicitly state that y is true. for example, “i think it’s great”(x) and “this product works great with my samsung galaxy s5.”(y). implicit: for an elementary unit x to be an implicit support for a proposition y, it must implicitly suggest that y is true without directly stating it. for example, “it’s not as bad as some people make it out to be.”(x) and “the only issue i have is that the volume starts to degrade a little bit after about six“and i find i have to buy a new pair every year or so.”(y).
An argument is missing tactfulness if it says things that are hurtful or offensive without considering the feelings of others. decide whether the argument lacks tactfulness or does not lack tactfulness
An argument lacks consistency if its premises contradict each other or if the conclusion contradicts one or more of the premises. decide whether the argument lacks consistency or does not lack consistency.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it is well-received by the expected target audience, i.e., if its arguments and information are generally accepted as true. you may rate an argumentation as unacceptable even if you share the author’s stance on the issue when you consider that the author has not taken into account a perspective shared by most people from the target audience. in doubt, give more credit to global acceptability than to global relevance due to the limited feasibility of the latter. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Extract all of the premises from the given argument. the output should be in the format: "premise 1: <premise> --> premise 2: <premise>"
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it does not address the question, misses the point, strays from the main issue, does not focus on the topic, is off-topic, is irrelevant, etc.
An argument has misleading information if it contains false facts or claims that do not match reality. decide whether the argument has misleading information or does not have misleading information
An argument should be seen as well-structured if it is clear what its main claim is and how the premises support this claim. a good way to check whether an argument is well-structured is to ask yourself whether someone who does not agree with the argument can still understand how the author tries to convince the audience of his/her point. try to adequately weight your judgments about clarity of the main claim and clarity of the argument structure when judging about structural quality—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of an argument. accordingly, if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weight the structural quality of each argument when judging about their “aggregate” structural quality—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the structural quality of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the topic of the debate and the corresponding arguments, identify whether each argument contains toxic emotions or not. toxic emotions are those that are deceptive or whose intensities do not provide room for critical evaluation of the topic by the reader.
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if all the premises of an argumentation are directly related to its conclusion. premises that do not relate to the conclusion they support are irrelevant. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if all premises are adequately justified. notice that local sufficiency does not imply global sufficiency, since an argument may lack global sufficiency because of lacking rebuttals against counter-arguments to its conclusion even though it satisfies local sufficiency. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The acceptability of an argument’s premises can be seen as a measure for how likely they are to be accepted by other people. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing a premise if it is not clear how the author got from the premises to the conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks premise or does not lack premise
An argument has insufficient information if the author does not provide enough details for readers to understand their point of view. this includes situations where the author assumes knowledge that many people might not have. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sufficient information or does not lack sufficient information
A claim is a statement that expresses an opinion, belief, or point of view. it can also be a fact or statistic that supports your position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains a claim or no claim
An argument is a tu quoque if it accuses the opponent of doing the same thing they are criticizing. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a tu quoque or not a tu quoque.
An argumentation should be seen as well-written if it uses language in a correct and appropriate manner. notice that this does not only refer to grammatical correctness but also to style and clarity. for instance, notice that the use of colloquial expressions may be appropriate in some cases. how would you rate the quality of writing of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally coherent if it is internally consistent and logically structured. it should have a clear line of reasoning and its individual elements should be connected in a way that makes sense. how would you rate the local coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the following argument convincing?
An argument is vague if it uses general or ambiguous terms or phrases that can have multiple meanings or interpretations. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is vague or is precise
Identify all the elementary units that are subjective propositions in the following argument
Is the following argument conclusion supported by its premise?
Given an argumentative text, classify it into one of the following categories: “persuasive”, “informational” and “mixed”. the key question to answer is: does the author intend to convince us clearly about his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is more convincing than argument a because it takes into account both short-term and long-term consequences of proposed solutions.
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as coherent if there are no contradictions between different parts of the argumentation, i.e., if all stated arguments support the overall stance of the author. furthermore, it should be easy for you to follow the author’s line of reasoning from the beginning until the end of the argumentation. how would you rate the coherence of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following comment-argument pair, decide which of these statements is true: the argument... ...explicitly attacks the comment
An argument has low credibility if it cites unreliable sources or presents false facts as evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility.
An argument lacks clarity if its meaning is unclear. this may happen for example if there are spelling errors or grammatical mistakes or if the argument includes jargon or slang expressions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
Given a pair of argument clauses coming from the same document, predict if they belong to the same side (pro/contra) of the discussion.
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it is phrased too vaguely or clearly enough (too vague or clearly enough).
An argument should be seen as convincing if the stated premises support the acceptance of the conclusion. you should be open to see an argument as convincing even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the contribution of each premise to the overall persuasiveness of the argument—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument contains a missing commitment if it does not contain any stance on the issue being discussed, i.e., it neither supports nor rejects the given claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
Generate an argument conclusion from the given premise.
An argumentation should be seen as successful in provoking thought if it makes the reader think about a discussed issue or related issues, e.g., by providing new information or viewpoints on an issue that are not commonly known or expected to be expressed within the given setting. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the author’s success in provoking thought, then do not judge him or her to be unsuccessful. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in provoking thought on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following argument, produce a short rebuttal text that attacks the argument.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is more objective than the other one, i.e. it does not contain any subjective statements such as personal opinions, feelings or experiences.
Identify the logical fallacy present in the following sentence:
A user comment can be considered as an argument when its author tries to convince others about something. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is persuasive or not persuasive
An argument is detrimental tone if it adopts a condescending, sarcastic, or aggressive tone, undermining the credibility of the author and hindering constructive discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental tone or does not have detrimental tone
Given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason, generate a new adu that fills the gap indicated with "<mask>".
Identify the rhetorical roles of each sentence within the argumentative text.
An argument is relevant if the stated arguments are directly related to the given issue and support or refute a stance on it. notice that an irrelevant argument may be correct in itself but does not contribute to the debate as it does not help to decide on the discussed issue. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has unsupported claims if it makes assertions without providing any evidence or justification to back them up. decide whether the argument has unsupported claims or does not have unsupported claims
The credibility of an argumentation should be seen as high if the author appears to have relevant expertise on the discussed issue, shows a balanced view that acknowledges different perspectives, provides evidence for his/her claims, and uses appropriate sources. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a comment and the corresponding debate topic, decide whether the comment is toxic or not.
An argument is ethically deceptive if its goal is to deceive others by using tricks such as lying, misleading, or exploiting biases. decide whether the argument is ethically deceptive or not ethically deceptive
An argument has a false dichotomy if it presents an issue as having only two possible outcomes, when in reality there are more. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a false dichotomy or not a false dichotomy
Given the following review, identify and extract its claims (the main points of an argument).
An argument commits appeal to emotion fallacy if it attempts to manipulate peoples’ emotions instead of using sound reasoning. for example: think of the starving children! just as you can spare a few dollars a day, couldn't you give up eating meat? given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits appeal to emotion fallacy or does not commit appeal to em
Is the argument comprehensive and complete?
An argument is inappropriate if it includes toxic emotions such as hate speech, insults, threats, swearing, offensive language etc.. decide whether the argument is inappropriate due to toxic emotions or not inappropriate due to toxic emotions
An argumentation should be seen as globally comprehensible if it is possible to follow the line of thought of the author, i.e., if one understands why the author makes certain statements and/or arrives at certain conclusions. how would you rate the global comprehensibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is circular reasoning if it assumes what it intends to prove. decide whether the argument is circular reasoning or is not circular reasoning
Given the following argument and the
An argument is toxic emotion if it shows excessive use of emotional words, such as hate, love, fear, etc., while discussing the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. determine whether the argument contains toxic emotions.
An argument has logical errors if there are mistakes in its structure or logic. decide whether the argument has logical errors or does not have logical errors
A premise in an argument is missing if there is no logical connection between the conclusion and other premises. decide whether the argument has missing premise or does not have missing premise
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, determine whether it contains any logical fallacies (i.e., errors in reasoning) or not.
An argument is lacking clarity if its components (claims and premises) do not make sense when read together. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argument is vague if it uses words with multiple meanings that make it hard to understand what is being said about the issue. decide whether the argument has vagueness or does not have vagueness
Given two arguments, determine whether they are complementary in content.
Given two arguments, decide whether they have the same meaning (i.e., express the same proposition) or not.
An argument is logically deceptive if it tries to convince by means of logical fallacies. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
Is the given clause a claim, premise, warrant, backing, rebuttal or qualifier?
The role of the proponent in an argumentative discourse can also be played by someone who merely supports another person’s claim without presenting new claims themselves. given the following central claim and an argumentative discourse unit (adu), determine the argumentative role, i.e. proponent or opponent of the adu.
Is the following statement true or false?argument b is less convincing because it uses inappropriate language, insults, profanity, or personal attacks.
Given a controversial topic, generate an argument supporting one of the stances.
An argument is constructive if participants try to find solutions instead of just criticizing others’ positions without offering alternatives themselves. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is constructive or is destructive.
An argument is emotionally supportive if the emotions appealed to are used as a way of supporting one’s own claims in an appropriate manner that does not derail the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is emotionally supportive or not emotionally supportive
An argumentation should be seen as having sufficient depth if it offers detailed elaborations on the topic, e.g., by providing many examples or discussing potential counter-arguments in detail. how would you rate the depth of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as persuasive if it convinces you that the author’s conclusion is true (or false) in principle—or neither. notice that you should not judge about the persuasive effect of the author’s argumentation, but you should decide whether the argumentation makes you willing/unwilling to believe that the author’s conclusion is true (or false)—or neither. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument contains missing intelligibility if it cannot be understood easily, for example, because it uses uncommon vocabulary, includes spelling errors, lacks structure, does not follow any logical order, or contains very long sentences. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing intelligibility or does not have missing intelligibility
An argument has missing intelligibility if its components (claims and premises) are unintelligible or unclear in their meaning. decide whether the argument has missing intelligibility or does not have missing intelligibility
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it commits the slippery slope fallacy, argues that allowing something small will inevitably lead to something big, or assumes that any change must necessarily result in disaster.
A fallacy is an argument that uses poor reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether it contains a fallacy or not.
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if it helps to create credibility, emotions and/or relevance by means of a clear and coherent flow of thought that follows from the premises to the conclusion. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is too narrow if it appeals to ideas that are not relevant to the topic of discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is too narrow or not too narrow
An argument is non sequitur if it presents conclusions that do not logically relate to the arguments presented. decide whether the argument has non sequitur or does not have non sequitur
Given a set of claims and a topic, generate multiple key points for the given topic. each generated key point should contain a claim and its stance towards the topic.
How many claims are present in the given text?
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if it contributes to the resolution of the given issue in a way that is acceptable to everyone from the expected target audience. notice that this does not mean that the author’s argumentation must necessarily convince you personally; rather, the question is whether the author’s contribution provides information and arguments that are helpful for resolving the given issue. how would you rate the global relevance of the authoration on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The author’s arguments are more likely to be accepted by the audience as being valid and trustworthy when they use a source of information that is reliable and credible (e.g., an expert in the field). how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in creating trustworthiness on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation is seen as successful in creating credibility if the author presents themselves or their arguments as trustworthy, knowledgeable, and competent. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in creating credibility on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument 1 and argument 2). would you agree with the following statement?argument 1 uses more logical reasoning than argument 2.
Given two arguments (argument 1 and argument 2), determine which of the statements below best describes their relationship:
An argument has a fallacy of relevance if the premises are logically unrelated to (not relevant to) the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument contains fallacies of relevance or does not contain fallacies of relevance
An argument contains toxic emotions when it includes words that are likely to cause negative emotional reactions in the reader, such as "idiot", "stupid" or "disgusting". given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
Identify which statements in the given text are claims and warrants.
An argument is missing commitment if it uses vague terms like “some”, “many” or “few” without further specification. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument is missing commitment if it fails to take a stance on the issue under discussion and instead presents both sides as equally valid. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b). determine whether they are in conflict with each other (i.e., at least one pair of their conclusions is conflicting).
Determine the relation between elementary units x and y within the same argument. differentiate between supports, attacks and no relation. support relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions are supported in practical argumentation: reason and evidence. the former can support either objective or subjective propositions, whereas the latter can only support objective propositions. that is, you cannot prove that a subjective proposition is true with a piece of evidence. supports: if there exists some z such that x supports z and z supports y then we say that x supports y. attacks: if there exists some z such that x attacks z and z supports y then we say that x attacks y. no relation: none of the above apply.
An argument is based on an irrelevant premise if one of its premises does not support its conclusion at all. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is based on an irrelevant premise or not based on an irrelevant premise.
An argument is trivial if it focuses on minor or insignificant aspects of the issue, failing to address the core problems or concerns raised by the opposing side. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether
An argument should be seen as successful in making a logical appeal if its premises are relevant to its conclusion and support it well enough that someone who accepts them would have reason to accept the conclusion. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. notice that you should not judge about the persuasive effect of the author’s argumentation, but you should decide whether the argumentation gives the target audience reasons for agreeing/disagreeing with the author—or neither. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in making a logical appeal on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the argument conclusion and premise.
An argument has irrelevant reasoning if the content of the argument does not relate to the issue being discussed or if there are other reasons why the argument should be disregarded. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has irrelevant reasoning or does not have irrelevant reasoning
Given a controversial topic and two sets of beliefs (supporting the issue and opposing it), generate an argumentative claim tailored to the beliefs that support the issue.
An argument is missing common ground when it either ignores opposing points of view or attacks them without engaging with their content. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks common ground or does not lack common ground
Consider the following argument: “i have
A rebuttal is a counterargument that shows why an opposing claim is wrong. select the correct rebuttal for the given argument. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
An argument has incorrect information if its content contains inaccurate, irrelevant, misleading, or outdated facts, statistics, or other information (it could also contain correct but irrelevant information). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has incorrect information or does not have incorrect information
An argumentation should be seen as sufficiently elaborated if it gives enough details and explanations regarding its arguments and conclusions. that means, for example, that each argument is explained by reasons, examples, etc. and that these explanations are detailed enough such that the reader understands why the given reasons, examples, etc. support the stated argument. similarly, the drawn conclusion should be supported by the presented arguments. notice, however, that some parts may be clear within the setting (online debate forum on a given issue) and thus left implicit. how would you rate the elaborateness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following argument, identify the stance of the argument towards the topic mentioned in the prompt.
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a counterargument that presents reasons why the opposing view is incorrect or invalid.
Given two arguments (a and b), determine if argument a is more convincing than argument b because it uses emotional appeals appropriately to persuade the reader while still remaining objective.
An argument is appropriately emotional if the emotions appealed to are proportional to the discussed issue and serve as a means to support the author’s view. decide whether the argument is appropriately emotional or inappropriately emotional
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). which of these argument(s) contains factual errors?
A premise of an argument should be seen as acceptable if we have good reasons to believe that it is true. try to adequately weigh your judgments about acceptability across all premises of the author’s argument—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. notice that you may see some premises as unacceptable even though you do not personally disagree with them. also notice that premises can be acceptable without being sufficient to support the conclusion. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a text, identify all claim spans in the given text.
Given the following two adus, decide if there is no argumentative relation between them (e.g., support or attack).
A premise is missing relevance if it does not support the conclusion at all. decide whether the premise lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is well-structured if it has a clear introduction, body paragraphs, and conclusion that are logically organized and easy to follow. the structure helps to guide the reader through the argument and make it easier to understand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has well structured or does not have well structured
An argument is deceptive if it tries to win the discussion through trickery or deception (e.g., red herring, false analogy). decide whether the argument is deceptive or not deceptive
Compare two arguments and determine which one is better supported by evidence.
Please judge about local acceptability according to whether you find an argument’s premises acceptable. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A conclusion is missing if the discourse unit does not provide any information about what can be inferred from the premises presented. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument lacks conclusion or does not lack conclusion.
The credibility of an argumentation can be determined based on how trustworthy and reliable the provided information appears to be. this is related to the content of the argumentation itself but also depends on the way it is communicated via language. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has confusing wording if the meaning of some words or phrases is unclear. decide whether the argument has confusing wording or does not have confusing wording
Is this argument clause a reason?
An argument is missing relevance if it contains claims which do not support the conclusion or distract from the main issue. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if all stated premises are acceptable for the expected target audience and all conclusions are drawn appropriately from their respective premises. notice that you may see an argumentation as locally acceptable even though you do not accept its conclusion. how would you rate the local acceptability
A false dilemma is a situation in which limited alternatives are considered, when in fact there is at least one additional option. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has false dilemma or does not have false dilemma
The author’s argumentation should be seen as credible if its content creates trustworthiness, expertise, objectivity, and good intentions. in your view, how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation can be seen as locally sufficient if each premise adequately supports the next one until the conclusion follows. notice that this does not mean that all possible objections to individual premises are rebutted. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given as input an argumentative text and a target audience, rewrite the text such that it improves in terms of persuasiveness for the given target audience.
An argument is in need of further revision if, e.g., it contains typos or grammatical errors that hinder intelligibility, it fails to provide sufficient detail on the discussed issue, it makes use of overly strong emotions that are inappropriate given the discussed issue, etc. given an argumentative claim, decide whether it is in need of further revision or can be considered to be phrased more or less optimally (suboptimal or optimal).
Given an argument clause and a list of claims from the same document, predict which one is being supported by the argument.
Argument conclusions are well-structured when they have a clear structure with a coherent ordering of the claims and explanations in them. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of well-structure?
An argument is emotional if it uses emotional words such as "horrible", "disgusting" or "amazing". decide whether the argument is emotional or not emotional
An argument is well-structured if it follows a logical structure that helps readers easily follow the flow of thought. for instance, a good argument might have an introduction, a thesis statement, several supporting paragraphs, and a conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well structured or not well structured
An argument is said to rely too heavily on anecdotal evidence if it bases most of its points on isolated incidents or individual experiences rather than solid data or research findings. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument rely too heavily on anecdotal evidence or not
Given a pair of arguments, would you agree with the following statement? the first argument is better than the second argument because it provides more evidence.
An argument is unintelligible if it lacks coherence, meaning that it is difficult to understand, as it may contain many spelling errors or use complicated vocabulary. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
Is the following statement true?argument b is less convincing because it has more details, information, facts, examples, reasons, better arguments, goes deeper or is more specific.
Given two arguments, determine which one is more convincing by comparing their premises and conclusions
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is better organized, provides stronger evidence, addresses counterarguments effectively, uses credible sources, has fewer grammatical errors, avoids using emotional appeals, etc.
Given the following argument, determine whether it makes a logical progression from premise to conclusion.
The conclusion of an argument is well-supported if there are sufficient reasons presented that justify the conclusion. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of support?
An argument has detrimental orthography if it contains misspellings, grammatical errors and other language mistakes that make it difficult to understand. decide whether the following argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography
An argument is redundant if it repeats information already provided elsewhere in the argument or includes unnecessary details that do not contribute to the argument's main point. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is redundant or is not redundant
An argument is missing commitment if it is unclear what the arguer believes about the topic under discussion. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
An argument is missing expertise if it does not make use of any expert opinions in support of its conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks expertise or does not lack expertise
Identify what rhetorical devices were used in the given text.
A premise of an argument should be seen as acceptable if you can agree with the truthfulness of its content, i.e., if you think that the information given in the premise is correct or accurate. in case you have no knowledge about the correctness or accuracy of the information provided in the premise, assume that it is true. you should be open to accept a premise as acceptable even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are well-supported when they have sufficient and relevant premises to support their claim. is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of support?
Identify the stance of a given claim towards the topic at hand (pro or con).
A comment-argument pair can be classified as one of the following: 1) the comment explicitly attacks the argument. 2) the comment vaguely/implicitly attacks the argument. 3) the comment makes no use of the argument. 4) the comment vaguely/implicitly supports the argument. 5) the comment explicitly supports the argument. please classify the given comment-argument pair according to this scheme.
An argument is missing relevance if the content of its premise(s) is irrelevant to the conclusion. given the following arguments and their topics, decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance.
Given two arguments, decide which one is less convincing because it has no reasoning or less reasoning.
Is the following text part an argument premise?
A premise of an argument is relevant if it supports the conclusion. rate the relevance of the given premise on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
The following task is to identify the stance of a comment towards an argument. you will be presented with a comment and an argument. your task is to decide whether the author of the comment... ...explicitly attacks the argument. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks the argument. ...makes no use of the argument. ...vaguely/implicitly supports the argument. ...explicitly supports the argument.
A comment can be seen as containing toxic emotions if it includes insulting, threatening, or shaming language that is not necessary for the discussion of the given issue. how would you rate the toxicity of this comment on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has multiple perspectives if it considers different viewpoints and opinions about an issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has multiple perspectives or does not have multiple perspectives
Given two sentences and their topic, classify them as a “supporting argument” if they include relevant reasons for supporting the topic, or as an “opposing argument” if they include relevant reasons for opposing the topic, or as a “non-argument” if they do not include any reason or are not relevant to the topic.
Identify the presence of any logical fallacies in the given text.
An argument is missing relevance if it introduces irrelevant issues, uses examples or analogies that do not relate to the topic, or wanders from one issue to another without any apparent connection. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument has a slippery slope reasoning if its premises suggest that taking a first step will inevitably lead to subsequent steps without considering other possible outcomes. decide whether the argument has slippery slope reasoning or does not have slippery slope reasoning
A comment should be seen as a good counterargument to another comment, if it shows how this other comment is flawed in some way. try to adequately weight your judgments about global acceptability, global relevance, and global sufficiency when judging about reasonableness—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. in doubt, give more credit to global acceptability and global relevance than to global sufficiency due to the limited feasibility of the latter.
Given the following two conclusions: is conclusion a more convincing than conclusion b?
Argument conclusions are relevant if they contribute to the acceptance or rejection of the argument’s conclusion, i.e., if you think it is worthy of being considered as a reason, evidence, or similar regarding the conclusion. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of relevance?
An argumentation style is persuasive if the used language makes it easy for you to understand what the author argues for and how. it also avoids unnecessary complexity and deviation from the discussed issue. furthermore, it uses vivid examples and strong wordings to make the provided arguments more convincing. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a set of sentences from the same document, identify if they are part of an argument or not.
An argument is rational if its premises are relevant to the conclusion, supported by evidence, and logically consistent with each other. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is rational or irrational.
The task is to determine whether the given argumentative text has reasoning or not.
An argument is inappropriate if it uses language that supports the creation of credibility and emotions in a disproportionate way to its topic. decide whether the given argument contains any inappropriate language.
An argument is poorly phrased if it contains grammatical errors, misspellings, or similar problems. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is poorly phrased or well phrased
Argument conclusions are relevant when they follow from their premises and/or contain premise-related content. is the conclusion relevant?
An argument is rhetorical question if it asks questions that are not meant to be answered but rather to make a point, challenge assumptions, provoke thought, create doubt, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is rhetorical question or not rhetorical question
Given two arguments about a particular topic, decide which argument is more convincing than the other
An argument is considered to be a fallacy if it contains any logical mistake that prevents its conclusion from being drawn from its premises, such as circular reasoning, false dilemma, straw man, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is fallacious or not fallacious.
An argument has missing information if it contains implicit assumptions that are needed for its understanding. decide whether the argument has missing information or does not have missing information
Given two arguments on a topic, decide whether they have opposing views but still manage to find areas of agreement or compromise.
An argument is missing engagement if it does not address any other arguments or positions that are relevant to the topic being discussed. decide whether the argument lacks engagement or does not lack engagement
How would you rate the credibility of the sources used by the author to support their claims on a scale from 1 (low) to 5 (high)?
Given the following comment-argument pair, decide if the argument supports (positive), attacks (negative) or makes no use of the comment (neutral).
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if all arguments in it have individually acceptable premises. notice that it is not generally clear which standard of acceptability applies to a particular premise. there may be cases where a premise cannot be accepted by everyone but only by some people. please judge about global acceptability according to whether you can identify any unacceptable premise. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if all arguments it contains are relevant to the issue under discussion and if their conclusions are relevant to the author’s stance on this issue. accordingly, if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weight the relevance of each argument when judging about their “aggregate” relevance—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the following statement an attack on the argument?
An argument is missing an explanation if the reader does not get any information about why the given premise supports the claim. decide whether the argument lacks explanation or does not lack explanation
What are the premises and claims of the following argument? the output should be in the format: "premise: <premise> --> claim: <claim>"
An argument’s conclusion should be seen as acceptable if it is justified by the premises of the argument. the acceptance of a conclusion does not necessarily imply that you share the stance expressed in the conclusion, but rather that you see the conclusion as justified based on the given premises and your own knowledge about the discussed issue. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s conclusion on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the stance of the given argumentative essay: for, against or neutral.
Argumentative essays are designed to persuade the reader of the author’s position on an issue. score the overall persuasiveness of the essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not make an argument) 1.5 2.0 (essay makes a weak argument) 2.5 3.0 (essay makes a decent argument) 3.5 4.0 (essay makes a strong argument)
An argument commits appeal to emotion fallacy if it tries to evoke strong emotional responses instead of presenting reasons or evidence to logically prove its point. for example: “if stricter gun control laws had been in place, those children wouldn’t have died.” given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits appeal to emotion fallacy or does not commit
Determine whether the following text contains any arguments for or against the given debate topic.
An argumentation should be seen as emotional if it provokes feelings in you, e.g., by using emotional words or by indicating the author’s emotions. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the emotionality of the author’s argumentation, then do not judge him or her to be not emotional. how would you rate the emotionality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic, generate a synthesis of multiple perspectives on the issue.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it lacks supporting evidence for its claims while argument b includes relevant facts and figures which back up what the writer says about their topic.
An argumentative unit (au) is considered to be relevant to the topic of the debate when it relates to any aspect of the topic. when judging relevance you should consider both local relevance (the relationship between au and the main claim) and global relevance (the relationship between au and the topic). accordingly, if you identify more than one au in the given text, try to adequately weight the relevance of each au when judging about their “aggregate” relevance—unless there is a particular au that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The overall quality of an argument can be determined based on various aspects such as grammar, spelling, structure, coherence, logical soundness, etc. how would you rate the overall quality of the argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument's premise can be weak if it provides insufficient support for its conclusion, meaning the reasons provided do not fully justify accepting the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has weak premise or does not have weak premise
Decide whether there is an attack relation between the two arguments below (argument a and argument b).
The originality of an argumentation can be thought of as how novel and creative it is in terms of both content and form compared to typical argumentations on similar topics. how would you rate the originality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing openness if it displays an unwillingness to consider arguments with opposing viewpoints and does not assess the arguments
Given a set of beliefs, generate a persuasive text that would convince someone to adopt those beliefs
Given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason, identify if the warrant used in this particular argument is valid (correct) or invalid (incorrect).
An argument is missing neutrality if it displays bias towards one side of the debate, presenting only one point of view without considering opposing viewpoints. decide whether the argument lacks neutrality or does not lack neutrality
An argument should be seen as relevant if it provides new information about the issue that was not mentioned before and/or if it provides reasons for accepting the conclusion that were not given before. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The author effectively conveys his/her point of view without being overly biased towards either side of the debate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument conveys point of view effectively or does not convey point of view effectively.
Identify the argument components (premises and conclusion) in the given text.
An argument is lacking specificity if it discusses only general aspects of the issue, without going into detail about specific cases or scenarios. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks specificity or does not lack specificity
Given the following arguments and the topic of the debate they appear in. decide whether the arguments are offensive or not offensive.
Consider two arguments a and b, both written on the same topic. would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing than argument a because it provides fewer facts, worse support, uncredible evidence or unclear explanation.
Given the following argument, decide whether it contains an attack on the other side’s position or not.
The following argument is about the topic "do violent video games cause behavior problems?". decide whether the argument has confusing reasoning or does not have confusing reasoning
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if all its arguments are based on a common ground shared by everyone in the expected target audience and do not violate any rules of rational discourse. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as clear if it does not contain any ambiguities or inconsistencies and its individual premises provide support for their respective conclusions. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A well-formed argument is defined as an argument where the premises are relevant to the conclusion and they are arranged in a logical way. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well-formed or not well-formed.
An argument is missing commitment if the author does not show any position towards the issue, e.g., by stating only facts without a conclusion that shows the author’s stance on the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment.
The purpose of this task is to identify the reasons presented in the given argumentative text.
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a persuasive essay that aims to persuade the reader about the selected subject area.
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative essay taking a neutral position on the debate.
An argument has the quality of respect if it is free from abuse, threats and other forms of intimidation. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
Decide whether the given claim can be considered to be phrased optimally (optimal) or is suboptimal (suboptimal).
Is the following sentence an enthymeme? (an enthymeme is defined here as any missing argumentative discourse unit (adu) that would complete the logic of a written argument.)
An argument should be seen as acceptable if its premises are plausible (i.e., credible) and consistent with each other. notice that you may see an argument as acceptable even though you do not personally accept all of its premises, i.e., acceptability does not presuppose personal acceptance. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing credibility if it either makes use of sources that are not credible (e.g., wikipedia) or does not provide any evidence to support its claims. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
An argument is inappropriate if it expresses toxic emotions. toxic emotions include but are not limited to anger, frustration, hatred, rudeness, vulgarity, violence, and discrimination. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic emotions or not toxic emotions
Is the argument actionable and practical?
Given two argumentative claims, decide whether they are contradictory (i.e., one contradicts the other).
Given a pair of arguments and their corresponding claims, predict which one is more convincing (claim 1 or claim 2).
An argument is detrimental orthography if it contains spelling mistakes, punctuation errors, capitalization problems, grammar mistakes or typos. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether
In your view, does the author’s argumentation appear to be written in such a way that its content appears credible? how would you rate the credibility on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is fallacious when it contains one or more logical fallacies. a logical fallacy is an error in reasoning that does not follow logically from the premises of an argument. it can be intentional or unintentional, but it always leads to invalid conclusions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is fallacious or is not fallacious
Given two premises, decide whether they are conflicting with each other or not.
Given a short text that argues for or against the following debate topic. classify the stance of the text as pro, con, or none.
An argument has circularity if it assumes what it sets out to prove. decide whether the argument has circularity or does not have circularity
The slippery slope fallacy occurs when someone argues against something by claiming that it will lead to some other thing which is undesirable, without showing how this would actually happen. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses slippery slope or does not use slippery slope
An argument is missing fairness if it does not give a fair assessment of opposing viewpoints and their supporting arguments, e.g., by attacking straw men instead of actual arguments. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argument is missing logic if there is no clear connection between the premise(s) and conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks logic or does not lack logic
Given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), decide whether they have similar argumentative structure.
A fallacy is a mistake in reasoning. it can be described as an argument that is invalid, but appears to be valid. given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), determine which one contains more fallacies.
A comment in a debate can be seen as off-topic if it discusses something else than what the main topic of the debate is about. if you think that the comment partly contributes to the discussion of the main topic, try to weight this contribution against the parts that discuss unrelated topics when judging about the “aggregate” relevance—unless there are particular parts that dominate your view of the author’s comment. how would you rate the topicality of the author’s comment on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing precision if its premises are not precise enough for the conclusion to follow from them. decide whether the argument lacks precision or does not lack precision
An argument is missing commitment if its author does not provide any arguments in support of their own claims. decide whether the given argument lacks commitment or not?
An argument is missing politeness if it is either explicitly or implicitly impolite to other users (e.g., by using profane language). decide whether the argument lacks politeness or does not lack politeness
An argument is well-formed if it follows the principles of rational argumentation, e.g., it presents logically connected sentences. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument well-formed or poorly formed
An argument is fallacious when it uses emotion to manipulate rather than inform. decide whether the argument is emotionally fallacious or not emotionally fallacious
Decide whether the argument is less convincing because it is only opinion, or a rant.
A premise of an argument should be seen as acceptable if you find it true, justified, reasonable, well-supported, etc. for example, do you agree with the premise? does it seem plausible to you? can you imagine someone who disagrees with the premise and why they might disagree with it? is the premise based on common sense? do you have any reasons for doubting the truthfulness of the premise? you should be open to see a premise as acceptable even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has toxic emotions if it shows signs of aggressive language, offensive remarks, swearing, threats, insults, inappropriate jokes, or other kinds of emotional outbursts. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
An argument is poorly structured if it lacks organization. decide whether the argument has poor structure or does not have poor structure
An argument has sufficient grounds when the premises are adequate to support the conclusion of an argument. decide whether the argument has sufficient grounds or does not have sufficient grounds
Given two arguments from different sources on the same topic, decide if they agree with each other or disagree.
Given two arguments on a topic, decide whether they are on the same side or not. for all tasks, we need to get human labels for at least 1000 instances per task.
Detrimental orthography means that the text contains many spelling mistakes, grammar errors or other types of orthographic issues. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography
An argument has ad hominem if an attack on the person presenting the argument takes place rather than attacking the argument itself. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has ad hominem or does not have ad hominem
An argument has insufficient elaboration if its content is too short, generic, vague, or trivial, such that it does not provide enough information about the issue under discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient elaboration or does not have insufficient elaboration
Given two arguments, decide whether they have similar meanings or not.
An argument shows detrimental orthography if it contains misspellings, grammatical errors, excessive use of slang, etc. decide whether the argument shows detrimental orthography or does not show detrimental orthography
An argument is missing consistency if it contains inconsistencies in its premises or conclusions, which undermine the strength of the argument. decide whether the argument lacks consistency or does not lack consistency
An argument has missing intelligibility if the content is unintelligible because of detrimental orthography and/or toxic emotions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks
An argument commits ad hominem fallacy if it attacks a person rather than their argument. for example: “the senator’s claim that we need higher taxes cannot be true – he is just a liar”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits ad hominem fallacy or does not commit ad hominem fallacy.
You are given a debate topic and your stance towards this question (yes vs. no). your task is to form an argument that supports your stance on the given issue.
An argument has missing commitment if its content is not clearly committed to a position on the issue. the author may be undecided about what position they hold regarding the issue or are unsure whether their stance is in support of or against the motion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
Predict the stance (pro or con) of
Does the following argument have an ad hominem attack?
An argument is toxic if it expresses emotions that are hostile, aggressive, and disrespectful towards other participants. these emotions may be expressed directly (e.g., "you are a liar") or indirectly (e.g., "your arguments are nonsense"). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument expresses toxic emotions or does not express toxic emotions
Score the strength of the provided argument with respect to the given topic. use the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
An argument lacks objectivity if it displays bias towards one side of the issue and ignores or downplays opposing viewpoints. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks objectivity or does not lack objectivity
Consider two arguments on a given topic (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a has more credible evidence than argument b because it cites well-known sources such as wikipedia, new york times etc.
Argument quality refers to how well an essay makes its point, using evidence from sources as support. score the argument quality of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not make any arguments for its thesis) 2.0 (essay makes weak arguments for its thesis) 3.0 (essay makes decent arguments for its thesis) 4.0 (essay makes strong arguments for its thesis)
An argument is logically deceptive if the logical structure of the argument contains flaws such as circular reasoning, strawman fallacy, red herring, etc. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
Identify the stance of the given argument towards the given statement, i.e. supports or opposes
For a given pair of arguments, predict if they are compatible with each other or not.
Decide on the stance of the given claim towards the topic (for, against or none)
An argument is fallacious when it contains logical errors or flaws in its reasoning. for instance, an argument commits the strawman fallacy if it distorts or exaggerates the opponent's position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is fallacious or not fallacious
An argument has missing intelligibility if it contains statements that are unclear, ambiguous or vague for a general audience. notice that this does not necessarily mean that the argument is unintelligible for any reader (e.g., domain experts may still understand the argument). furthermore, an argument should be considered as having missing intelligibility only if its content cannot be understood by reasonable interpretation. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing intelligibility or does not have missing intelligibility
An argument is emotionally informative if the emotions appealed to provide information about the arguer's state of mind or attitude toward the topic at hand. decide whether the argument is emotionally informative or not emotionally informative
Read the two arguments below (argument a and argument b) that are made by two authors on the same topic. which one of the two arguments do you think is more convincing?
Is the argument dramatic and suspenseful?
Argument conclusions are specific if they contain content that is more specific than what is stated in the premise. is the conclusion specific?
An argument is logically deceptive if it employs fallacies, faulty reasoning, or other forms of deception in order to persuade others. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative text, identify the fallacies contained in the text.
Given as input an argumentative text, rewrite it such that its persuasiveness is improved (in terms of convincing the reader) while preserving the meaning as far as possible.
Argument conclusions are valid if they follow from the premise, meaning a logical inference links the premise to the conclusion. given the following argument: is the conclusion of this argument valid (i.e., it follows from the premises) or invalid (it does not follow from the premises)?
Given a pair of arguments, determine whether they are complementary in terms of their content or not.
An argument is well-arranged if its elements are ordered appropriately to achieve persuasion. for example, a premise should be stated before it can be used for reasoning. in general, arguments have a structure consisting of premises (reasons), conclusions (claims) and rebuttals (exceptions). how would you rate the arrangement of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments about a particular issue, decide whether they support opposite positions on that issue or not.
An argument is non-argumentative if it does not express any kind of attitude towards the discussed topic. non-argumentative statements include questions, expressions of wishes, advice, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is argumentative or not
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative text, identify the appeals to emotion used by the author.
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is appropriate or not for this context. appropriate: the language supports the creation of credibility and emotions as well as it is proportional to its topic. inappropriate: the language does not support the creation of credibility and emotions or it is disproportional to its topic.
The acceptability of an argument can be seen as high if you agree with all or most of the author’s claims and premises. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight your agreement with each conclusion when judging about your “aggregate” agreement—unless there are particular conclusions that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is inappropriate if it contains elements that make it unacceptable for the majority of people from the expected target audience. this might happen due to different reasons including detrimental orthography, toxicity of emotions, lack of commitment or intelligibility. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is appropriate or inappropriate.
The topic of this debate is "should we ban all religious symbols from public places?". now consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it is irrelevant to the topic of the debate.
An argument is missing generalizability if it only applies to a specific situation or context but cannot be applied more broadly. decide whether the argument lacks generalizability or does not lack generalizability
An argument lacks clarity if it contains sentences which are difficult to understand or sentences whose meaning is ambiguous. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argument is missing civility if it is rude, aggressive or hostile. decide whether the argument lacks civility or does not lack civility
A toxic argument includes offensive words like “idiot” or “stupid”. it also includes words which express strong negative emotions like hate, anger etc. toxicity can also be expressed through irony, sarcasm, cynicism etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic
An argument has unrelated meaning if it discusses something else than what is being discussed in the debate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has unrelated meaning or does not have unrelated meaning
An argument is not convincing if it does not seem to be relevant for the topic under discussion. decide whether the argument is relevant or not relevant.
The given clause is a premise in the following argument:
A stance towards a controversial issue can be seen as appropriate if it appears reasonable within the context of the discussed issue. please rate the appropriateness of the stance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate counter-rebuttals against the given rebuttal.
An argument is fallacious if it contains a logical error, such as circular reasoning, appeal to authority or emotion. decide whether the argument is fallacious or not fallacious
An argument is unintelligible if it does not make sense. it can be due to spelling mistakes, grammar errors or other reasons. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is intelligible or is unintelligible
Decide whether the given text contains any information that can be used as an argument for or against the given debate topic.
Given two sentences in the same document, predict if they are part of the same argument.
In a dialogic setting, an argumentation should be seen as cooperative if the arguer strives to reach agreement with his or her dialogue partner by putting forward acceptable premises and relevant conclusions. it should be seen as uncooperative if he or she tries to win the dispute without caring for the truth of the premises and the relevance of the conclusions. if both aspects apply to some extent, then decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if there are no obvious signs of uncooperativeness, then do not judge him or her to be uncooperative. how would you rate the cooperativeness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is detrimental orthography if it contains inappropriate use of capitalization, punctuation, emoticons, emojis, acronyms, slang, spelling mistakes, grammar mistakes, etc., that makes it hard to understand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains detrimental orthography or does not contain detrimental orthography
An argumentation should be seen as locally coherent if its parts fit together well. in particular, consider whether the individual arguments follow logically from each other and whether they contribute to resolving the discussed issue. how would you rate the local coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has insufficient warrants if it fails to provide sufficient evidence (such as examples, facts, statistics) to back up the claim that it makes about the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient warrants or does not have insufficient warrants
An argument is clear if it presents its premises clearly, so that it is easy to see how these premises support the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is clear or unclear.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the author of argument b does not provide enough evidence to back up their claims.
The quality of an argumentation should be seen as high if its structure, content and style are appropriate in terms of supporting the creation of credibility, emotions and relevance. how would you rate the overall quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two versions of the same claim, compare them on how well they present their arguments in terms of clarity, conciseness, persuasiveness, etc., then select the better version (claim 1 or claim 2).
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if its premises actually support its conclusion. notice that there may be cases where an argumentation does not seem relevant because some premises are left implicit. please judge about relevance according to whether all premises actually support the conclusion. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if its single statements contribute to the overall conclusion of the argumentation. you should be open to see a statement as locally relevant even if you disagree with it. rather, the question is whether the provided information contributes to the resolution of the issue. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The author of an argumentation tries to convince others that his/her point of view is right by using certain rhetorical devices in order to create credibility and emotions. in your opinion, how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a topic and some information about it, generate an argumentative essay on the given topic.
For the given topic, select the option that best matches with the given reason. there are four options given and only one answer is correct.
Given the following two sentences, decide which of these statements is true: sentence 1... ...explicitly supports sentence 2. ...vaguely/implicitly supports sentence 2. ...makes no use of sentence 2. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks sentence 2. ...explicitly attacks sentence 2.
The purpose of this task is to identify whether an argument displays openness towards opposing viewpoints. openness refers to a willingness to consider arguments with opposing viewpoints and to assess these arguments on their merits rather than simply rejecting them out of hand. does the given argument display lacks openness or does not lack openness?
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if its conclusion follows from its premises. to judge about relevance, try to figure out whether the premises provide support for their conclusion—if so, then the argumentation is relevant; otherwise, it is irrelevant. notice that you may see an argumentation as relevant even though you do not personally accept all of its premises or conclusions—relevance does not presuppose sufficiency or acceptability. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic and two sets of beliefs (one for each side), generate a persuasive essay that would change the mind of someone with those beliefs.
Is this argument a deductive one?
Extract the stance from the given argument. the output should be in the format: "proponent: <stance>" or "opponent: <stance>"
An argumentation should be seen as credible if it appears trustworthy and convincing to you. the credibility of an argumentation can be achieved by using appropriate sources for support, avoiding obvious untruths, and so on. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic, generate a set of beliefs that people might hold about it.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it adequately supports its conclusion by premises. notice that there may be cases where it is infeasible to provide all relevant supporting information. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether you think that the author’s argumentation provides enough support for its main claim. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a pair of sentences (sentence 1 and sentence 2) from the same document, predict if they share the same stance towards the topic being discussed in the document
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, select from a set of arguments those that are most likely to be persuasive to someone with these beliefs.
Given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), determine which of the two is more reasonable. the code provided here is for research purposes only and should not be used for commercial applications.
An argument is clear if its content is not vague, ambiguous, or implicit. decide whether the following argument has unclear meaning (1) or does not have unclear meaning (0).
Does the author’s argument have any premise that is not relevant? how would you rate the relevance of this premise on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are non-novel when they contain premise-related content that is already stated explicitly in one or more premises or can be inferred from them without adding novel information. is the conclusion non-novel?
Given an argumentative claim, along with context information on the debate, determine whether it is a pro or con argument.
An argument is well-structured if it has a clear introduction that states the main point or thesis statement, followed by supporting evidence and examples that back up the main point. the conclusion should summarize the main points and restate the thesis. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well structured or poorly structured.
An argument is not appropriate if it contains language that is insulting, threatening or discriminatory. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has inappropriate language or does not have inappropriate language
An argument is missing comprehensiveness if it omits important aspects of an issue. decide whether the argument lacks comprehensiveness or does not lack comprehensiveness
Given the following argument, decide which of these statements is true: the argument... ...does not contain any sarcasm. ...contains some degree of sarcasm.
An argument has false cause if it attributes causation between unrelated events or phenomena. decide whether the argument has false cause or does not have false cause
An argument is missing fairness if it contains false accusations, exaggerations, misleading information or other kinds of unfair language. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argument is committed if the author stands behind their claim and is willing to defend it. it is uncommitted if the author does not stand behind their claim or is unwilling to defend it. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is committed or is uncommitted
The style of an argumentation should be seen as respectful if it does not contain any kind of abusive language that could be considered inappropriate in a civil discourse. this includes insults towards other users, offensive remarks about groups of people, swear words, threats, etc. how would you rate the respectfulness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as well-reasoned if it clearly states the reasons for each individual argument and how they are related to their respective conclusions. furthermore, the given reasons should be relevant in relation to the conclusion that is drawn from them. finally, the stated arguments should not contradict each other or the overall thesis of the author. how would you rate the reasoning of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argument on a topic, decide whether it is more persuasive than another given argument on the same topic.
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if every single consideration of an argument within the discussion of the given issue would be accepted by everyone from the expected target audience. notice that you may see an argumentation as locally acceptable even though you disagree with some or all of the author’s statements. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument quality refers to how well-structured an essay's arguments are. an essay with a high argument quality score presents arguments in a logical order and makes use of evidence. score the argument quality of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not make any arguments) 1.5 2.0 (essay makes some arguments but they are often poorly structured) 2.5 3.0 (essay makes decently structured arguments) 3.5 4.0 (essay makes very well-structured arguments)
An argument is missing sufficiency if it does not provide enough evidence for its claims. in other words, there is not enough information provided to accept the argument's conclusion as true. notice that this can happen either because the amount of evidence presented is insufficient or because the quality of the evidence is too low. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
A warrant explains why a reason supports a claim. given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason. write down a valid warrant that explains reasoning of this particular argument.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it takes into account different views of the expected target audience in a sufficient way. notice that it is generally not possible to take every view of everyone into account. please judge about global acceptability according to whether all main views of an argumentation that you see are taken into account in a reasonable way. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Does the given sentence express an opinion or fact?
An argument is missing seriousness if it does not take the topic seriously, such as making jokes or dismissing the opposing view without consideration. decide whether the argument lacks seriousness or does not lack seriousness
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if it addresses topics that are important for resolving the given issue and thus deserves being taken into account within the discussion of the given issue. how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A person’s credibility can be attacked by showing that he or she is not worthy of credence because of his or her dishonesty, lack of knowledge regarding the discussed issue, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains a credibility attack or does not contain a credibility attack
In order for an argument to be considered serious, it must contribute meaningfully to the discussion of the debate. that is, it cannot simply reiterate what others have already said without adding anything new. it also cannot introduce new information that is completely unrelated to the topic at hand. finally, it must be well-reasoned and supported by evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks seriousness or does not lack seriousness
An argument is missing thoughtfulness if it jumps to conclusions without carefully considering all sides of the issue. decide whether the argument lacks thoughtfulness or does not lack thoughtfulness
The relevance of an argument can be seen as high if the premises are related to the conclusion and the conclusion is related to the topic. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as logical if it follows the rules of logic and is free from any logical flaws (such as contradictions or circular reasoning). in order to judge about the logicality of an argumentation, you may assume that the premises are true even though you do not personally accept them. how would you rate the logicality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following two arguments, decide which of these statements is true: argument b attacks argument a. argument b supports argument a. argument b neither attacks nor supports argument a.
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, produce a short text that argues for or against the given position on the topic, tailored to the beliefs.
An argumentation should be seen as successful in presenting a clear standpoint if the author’s opinion on the given issue and/or the discussed topics is clearly identifiable. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in presenting a clear standpoint on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Do you agree with the following statement? argument b is less convincing because it does not address counter-arguments raised by other participants.
The goal of an argumentation should be seen as relevant if it contributes to the resolution of the given issue, i.e., if you think it is worthy of being considered within the discussion of the issue. you should be open to see a goal as relevant even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s goal on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A claim is missing commitment if it does not commit the author to anything regarding the issue under discussion, e.g., because the statement is too vague or ambiguous to derive any consequences for the discussed issue. given the following claim and the topic of the debate the claim appeared in. decide whether the claim lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argumentation should be seen as globally coherent if its individual statements fit together well, i.e., if they form a consistent and structured line of reasoning. for example, an argumentation is not coherent if it is self-contradictory, if there are logical jumps in the argumentation, or if there are unexplained changes in the topic of the argumentation. how would you rate the global coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as coherent if its premises are linked together in a way that makes sense. how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as well-structured if the reader can easily identify the arguments, their premises and conclusions. the argumentation should also be structured in a way that allows for an easy understanding of how its parts relate to each other. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An enthymeme is defined here as any missing argumentative discourse unit (adu) that would complete the logic of a written argument. given an incomplete argument, choose one of the 4 options to fill in the masked part.
An argument is deceptive if its goal is to deceive, i.e., convince others by means of deception. deception involves deliberate attempts to mislead another party without revealing the intent to do so. decide whether the argument is deceptive or not deceptive.
An argument has credible evidence if its evidence is trustworthy and reliable. decide whether the argument has credible evidence or uncredible evidence.
A small set of talking points, termed key points can be used to form a concise summary from a large collection of arguments on a given topic. given a set of key points and their stances towards the topic, generate a short summary (1-2 sentences) that captures the essence of all the key points.
Given two arguments, classify whether they have the same stance or not.
An argument should be seen as having a strong conclusion if the author’s claim is very explicit and clearly indicates that it supports or opposes the issue discussed in the debate. how would you rate the strength of the conclusion on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument shows commitment towards the discussion when it clearly states its stance with respect to the issue at hand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment.
An argument is missing clarity if it is either not understandable due to its language or does not make clear what it argues for. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if its arguments and counter-arguments are about the issue that is to be discussed. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt that the author’s arguments are indeed about the topic of discussion, then do not judge him or her to be irrelevant—unless you explicitly think that the arguments are off-topic. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify all the arguments and their components (premise, conclusion, backing, rebuttal, qualifier) in the given text.
Generate the most likely next sentence for the given argumentative essay.
An argument is missing commitment if it makes no effort to address the question posed by the debate topic. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it has premises that provide adequate grounds for accepting the conclusions drawn. premises do not need to guarantee the truth of the conclusion, but they must offer strong reasons why someone should accept it. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a premise and two claims, determine which claim is better supported by the given premise (claim 1 or claim 2).
Argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if all major objections to the presented arguments are rebutted. notice that there might be cases where it is impossible to rebut all such objections. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether all main objections of an argumentation that you see
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate an argumentative text tailored to the beliefs. these tasks are all taken from [this paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.03753.pdf).
An argument is logically consistent if it does not contain contradictions, i.e., when one sentence cannot be true while another sentence is also true. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks logical consistency or does not lack logical consistency
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b), decide which one is better based on the following criteria:
A text segment that can be used to form a concise summary from a large collection of arguments on a given topic. identify all sentences that contain at least one key point.
Is the argument too long?
Identify the reasons in
An argumentation should be seen as globally persuasive if it contains premises that are relevant to the conclusion(s) drawn by the author and/or if the line of thought of the author seems reasonable, i.e., if the reader agrees with how the author arrives at his/her conclusion(s). how would you rate the global persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the stance of the comment towards the claim (for, against or neither)
An argumentation can be thought of as a dialectical exchange between the role of the proponent (who is presenting and defending the central claim) and the role of the opponent (who is critically challenging the proponents claims). a discourse unit (du) that neither defends nor attacks any other du is an independent du. given the following dus and their argumentative relations, classify each du as either proponent, opponent or independent.
An argument has missing commitment if it does not take a clear stance towards the topic or if it only contains rhetorical questions without stating an opinion. it can also be seen as neutral when discussing both sides and being objective in its reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument shows missing commitment or not missing commitment
Given the following argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether adu 1 contains a claim
Given a pair of arguments, decide whether they express the same idea.
In order to make sense of an argument, we need to be able to understand what the author intends to communicate. however, sometimes authors do not express their ideas clearly enough for us to grasp them. when this happens, the text can be said to have unclear meaning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has unclear meaning or does not have unclear meaning
Determine how many different topics are discussed in the given argumentative text.
An argument has a tu quoque fallacy if it responds to criticism by attacking the person making the criticism rather than addressing the substance of the critique. decide whether the argument has tu quoque fallacy or does not have tu quoque fallacy
An argument has irrelevant reasons if the premises do not support the claim or are not relevant to the topic of the debate. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or not irrelevant.
An argument is poorly structured if it has poor organization and/or coherency issues. this includes: tangential information, repetitions, redundancies, unrelated sentences, unclear transitions between different parts of the text, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has poor structure or does not have poor structure
An argument is missing coherence if its reasoning does not follow in a logical and understandable way. decide whether the argument lacks coherence or does not lack coherence
Determine the stance (support, oppose, neutral) of the article towards the given motion.
An argument is equivocation if it uses words with multiple meanings in a way that creates confusion or ambiguity. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has equivocation or does not have equivocation.
Given a set of premises, generate an appropriate exception to modify the general rule stated in the argument.
An argumentation should be seen as successful in supporting its stance if it presents valid reasons for why its stance is correct and invalidates opposing stances. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the correctness of the author’s stance, then do not judge his or her argumentation to be unsuccessful in supporting its stance. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in supporting its stance on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments with their corresponding topics in a debate forum, decide whether they are duplicates.
An argument misses important information if its reasoning is not well-grounded due to lack of evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument misses important information or does not miss important information
Given two arguments about the same topic (argument a and argument b). decide which one is more specific, i.e., discusses a narrower range of issues.
Given a claim, decide whether the argument is missing premises or not.
An argument is missing commitment if the writer does not commit themselves to the content of the argument, e.g., because they distance themselves from the argument or because they express only hypotheticals. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
Argument quality refers to the quality of an argument in terms of its clarity, coherence, and persuasiveness. score the argument quality of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay is unclear or incoherent) 1.5 2.0 (essay has some clear ideas but lacks coherence or persuasive force) 2.5 3.0 (essay is mostly clear and coherent with a decent amount of persuasive force) 3.5 4.0 (essay is very clear, coherent, and persuasive)
Given a topic, an argument for the topic, and an opposing argument against the topic, determine which of the two is more convincing.
Distinguish between good and bad argumentative comments (good or bad). the key question to answer is: does the author's attitude/opinion towards the discussed topic clearly come across?
An inappropriate argument is one that contains severe orthographic errors, toxic emotions, lack of intelligibility or missing commitments. decide whether the argument is inappropriate due to other reasons or not inappropriate due to other reasons
Argument conclusions are justified when the support given for them is sufficient to warrant their acceptance. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the conclusion of argument a is better justified because it has better reasons or evidence.
Identify the conclusion from a given argumentative text.
An argument should be seen as persuasive if it makes you think that its conclusion might be true, i.e., if you rationally think that its premises make its conclusion plausible. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a pair of arguments with different claims on a controversial topic, determine whether they agree or disagree.
An argumentation should be seen as internally relevant if it is clear how the arguments and other information are related to each other, i.e., if it is clear whether they support or attack each other. notice that this does not necessarily require that all parts of the argumentation explicitly refer to each other. how would you rate the internal relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the sentence that expresses a claim (i.e., opinion) in the text.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it does not rely heavily on emotions, feelings, opinions, beliefs, values, etc., but rather focuses on facts, evidence, and logical reasoning.
An argument conclusion is strong when its content follows clearly from the premise-related content and/or combination of the content in the premises. is the conclusion strong?
In order for an argument to be considered fallacious, there must be some mistake in reasoning that renders the conclusion invalid. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. determine whether the argument contains a fallacy or does not contain a fallacy
Is the following argument clause an argument counter-counter-counter-counter-counter-argument?
Produce a short text that argues for or against the following debate topic. the text should have at least 100 words and should contain only one argument.
Given a claim and a counter-argument, generate a rebuttal to the counter-argument.
Given the following argumentative discourse units (adus), does adu 1 support or attack adu 2?
Determine whether the conclusion follows logically from the premises provided in the given argumentative text.
An argument is missing seriousness if it is either trolling others by suggesting (explicitly or implicitly) that the issue is not worthy of being discussed or does not contribute meaningfully to the discussion. given the following comment-argument pair, decide which of these statements is true: the comment... ...explicitly attacks the argument's seriousness. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks the argument's seriousness. ...makes no use of the argument's seriousness. ...vaguely/implicitly supports the argument's seriousness. ...explicitly supports the argument's seriousness.
An argument is well-structured if it has a clear structure, and the premises are clearly connected to each other. decide whether the argument is well-structured or not.
Do the given two segments belong to the same argument?
An argument is irrelevant if it discusses issues unrelated to the issue under discussion, such as introducing new topics, changing the subject, or attacking a straw man. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or is relevant
Is the following statement true?argument b is less convincing because it is overly emotional or appeals to fear or anger, rather than reason.
Generate a counterargument for the input text
Given two arguments, determine whether they are from the same side of the debate (pro/con) or not.
Identify the premise (p), claim (c) and refutation (r) from the given text.
An argumentation should be seen as having good grammar when there are no errors in spelling, punctuation, capitalization, etc. given the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement: argument b is less convincing because it has worse grammar than argument a?
An argument should be seen as having a fallacious premise if the author’s reasoning is based on a false or questionable assumption, i.e., if the premises of the argument are not acceptable. how would you rate the fallaciousness of the premises of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify all statements in the given text.
An argument is missing commitment if it does not take a clear position on an issue. it might do so by only asking questions, making general statements that are not connected to the topic or simply stating facts without taking any stance towards them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
An argumentation should be seen as globally sufficient if it is sufficiently strong and complete for convincing everyone from the expected target audience of the author’s stance on the discussed issue. notice that you may see an argumentation as globally sufficient even though the stated arguments do not convince you of the author’s stance. also notice that your judgment about global sufficiency depends on how much you expect a single argumentation to contribute to the resolution of the given issue. for example, in case you think that there are too many open questions around the given issue, then you might not expect any argumentation to provide sufficient support for one particular stance. if this applies to you, then simply give lower scores for global sufficiency than for global acceptability and global relevance. how would you rate the global sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are well-organized when they follow from the premise in an organized way with clear connections between each statement. is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of organization?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it uses active voice instead of passive voice whenever possible which gives sentences a stronger sense of agency and urgency.
Identify the stance towards the given target entity in the given sentence.
An argument should be seen as having appropriate scope if it considers all relevant aspects of the discussed issue, including potential counterarguments. you may judge the appropriateness of the scope of the author’s argumentation higher if the author takes into account opposing views or tries to rebut them. how would you rate the scope of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a topic, a set of beliefs, and a rebuttal, generate a counter-rebuttal tailored to the beliefs.
Identify the stance of the given argument towards a topic. a stance can be in favor or against a topic.
A toxic emotion is defined here as any negative emotion that can harm the overall discussion quality. examples include hatred, disgust, anger, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument conveys toxic emotions or does not convey toxic emotions
Argument conclusions are informative if they provide new information that is not stated explicitly or implicitly in the premise. is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of informativeness?
Does the given argument contain any hyperbolic discounting fall
Given two claims (claim a and claim b) and their corresponding arguments (argument a and argument b), determine whether there exists any conflict between the two claims.
An argument has insufficient support if its conclusion does not logically follow from its premises. decide whether the argument lacks sufficient support or does not lack sufficient support
Given the following two arguments with their conclusions, decide whether they are in support or attack relation.
An argument is missing respect if it contains insults directed at individuals or groups of people involved in the debate. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
Given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), determine whether they are both supporting or attacking a common argumentative discourse unit.
An argument is toxic if it contains offensive, abusive or insulting language. given the following comment and a topic of discussion (topic). decide whether the comment is toxic or not toxic
Classify the following statement as either an argument conclusion or non-argumentative clause.
An argument has incompleteness if it lacks essential information needed to understand its content fully. decide whether the argument has incompleteness or does not have incompleteness
Given the following two argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether the first adu is a claim and the second adu is its supporting evidence.
The comment must be written from a neutral perspective without using personal pronouns such as "i" or "you". it should focus on providing constructive criticism rather than making assumptions about the writer's intentions or motivations. how would you rate the neutrality of the author’s feedback on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The credibility of an argumentation should be seen as high if the source of the argumentation is trustworthy regarding the discussed topic. it should be seen as low if the source is untrustworthy regarding the discussed topic. in case you do not know anything about the source, please assume average trustworthiness. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Determine which one of the two claims (claim 1 and claim 2) is more convincing.
Given a claim, predict the sentiment of the claim on a scale from 0 (negative) to 4 (positive).
An argument is missing relevance if its content does not contribute to a discussion about the given topic in any way (neither supporting nor attacking either side). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
For each pair of sentences from the same document, predict if they belong to the same argumentative discourse unit or not.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it focuses too much on one side of an issue while neglecting other important aspects or dimensions associated with it.
An argumentation should be seen as precise if it avoids vague formulations and thus enables readers to clearly understand the discussed issue and the composed arguments. notice, however, that precision does not require giving exact numbers for every aspect of an issue or composing arguments with detailed quantitative data. rather, it requires avoiding ambiguous statements and using unambiguous terminology. how would you rate the precision of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Score the persuasiveness of the following argument on a scale from
An argument can lack coherence if its ideas do not flow logically or smoothly from one to another. this includes jumping between different points without connecting them clearly, repeating the same idea multiple times in different ways, or using overly wordy phrases to express simple ideas. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks coherence or has coherence.
An argument can be classified as toxic when it uses offensive language to attack other participants in the debate, instead of focusing on the issue at hand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic.
An argument has implicit premises if one or more reasons underlying the argument remain unstated, making it difficult for readers to understand why the stated conclusion follows from what was said. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has implicit premises or does not have implicit premises
Is the following sentence persuasive?
An argument is missing fairness if it does not present the issue at hand fairly by misrepresenting others' positions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
The following is an argument. is it well-structured?
Consider the following two arguments: which of these is better?
Extract the argument components (premise, claim and warrant) from the given argument. the output should be in the format: "premise: <premise> --> claim: <claim>" or "warrant: <warrant>"
Argument conclusions are good when they follow logically from the premises. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b?
Given the following two arguments, decide whether argument a is more convincing because it reflects a well-informed, thoughtful, and balanced perspective on the topic.
Evaluate the quality of reasoning used by each side in making their arguments. how would you rate the reasoning of side 1 on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if it makes sense to assume them as given within the context of the discussion at hand. notice that you may see premises as unacceptable while still seeing them as relevant, sufficient, and consistent with respect to the conclusion. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it contains more relevant information, addresses key issues, provides supporting evidence, explains why the claims are important, and answers potential objections.
Given a sentence and a topic, determine whether it is an argument (i.e., includes a reason for supporting or opposing the topic) or non-argument (i.e., does not include a reason or is not relevant to the topic). if it is an argument, label it as either “supporting argument” or “opposing argument”.
Given as input two arguments on the same topic, decide whether they are complementary with each other (i.e., whether they provide different perspectives on the issue at hand).
Generate a persuasive text for the following debate topic:
A response is informative if it provides new information or facts that are relevant for the resolution of the given issue. the response may also include additional explanations of existing information or facts that support one side of the issue. how would you rate the informativeness of the author’s response on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
How would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on a scale from 1 (low) to 3 (high)?
An argument has toxic emotions if it tries to provoke anger, fear or disgust in readers without any good reasons for doing so. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions.
Given the central claim and stance (pro or con) on the corresponding big issue from the text of the claim, predict the topic it is about.
A straw man argument distorts someone's position in order to make it easier to attack. the distortion may be subtle or blatant; sometimes the person whose views are being distorted will notice, but other times they won't. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses straw man or does not use straw man
Given a topic and a set of arguments, choose the most relevant argument for that topic.
An argument is inappropriate if it lacks intelligibility due to spelling mistakes, grammatical errors or other reasons. decide whether the argument is inappropriate due to missing intelligibility or not inappropriate due to missing intelligibility
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a rhetorical question that prompts readers to think about the implications of the claim without explicitly stating them.
The slippery slope fallacy occurs when someone makes an argument about how one thing will inevitably lead to another; however there may not actually be any causal link between them! given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits the slippery slope fallacy or does not commit the slippery slope fallacy.
Given the following two arguments, decide whether argument a is more convincing because it includes more specific details, examples, or evidence to support its claims.
An argument is missing relevance if it contains information that is unrelated to the topic at hand or fails to address the main issue being discussed. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
The circular reasoning fallacy occurs when someone makes an argument where the premise and conclusion are essentially the same point; this type of argument does not prove anything! given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses circular reasoning or does not use circular reasoning.
Given an argumentative claim, extract the key points from the text
An argument is missing a stance if it does not clearly state the author's opinion on an issue. decide whether the argument lacks stance or does not lack stance
The given conclusion follows from the premise, meaning a logical inference links the premise to the conclusion. is this true for conclusion 1 and conclusion 2?
An argument has missing intelligibility if it is unclear or difficult to understand. decide whether the given argument has missing intelligibility or does not have missing intelligibility.
An argument is missing constructiveness if it does not contribute anything new to the discussion but simply repeats points made earlier or adds nothing substantial to the discussion. decide whether the argument lacks constructiveness or does not lack constructiveness
We define an enthymematic gap as any missing adu that would complete the logic of an argument. identify all such gaps in the given essay.
Given a claim, select the correct reason from the list of reasons that explains why the claim is true. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
An argument is a fallacy if it uses an unsound reasoning pattern, such as begging the question (circular reasoning), ad hominem (personal attack), slippery slope, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is fallacious or is not fallacious
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if everyone from the expected target audience can accept it as a legitimate contribution to the discussion of the given issue. the question here is whether the author’s argumentation follows common standards that are shared by all members of the expected target audience. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the following argument clause an additional premise of the relation from "argument a" to "argument b"?
An argumentation's style refers to its language usage and structure. the used language should make it easy for you to understand without doubts what the author argues for and how. how would you rate the clarity of the
The persuasiveness of an argumentation should be seen as high if it is based on well-founded knowledge and arguments that convince you in their truthfulness or at least plausibility. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two conclusions for the same argument, decide which one is better.
Please rate the quality of the following argument from “1” (low) to “3” (high)
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the reasons given in argument b are more relevant because they provide additional supporting details for the conclusion.
A small set of talking points, termed key points can be used to form a concise summary from a large collection of arguments on a given topic. given the following argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether the two adus are connected by any argumentative relation (e.g. support or attack).
The acceptability of an argument’s premises should be seen as high if they are based on facts, opinions or values that most people would find acceptable. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s premises on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the stance expressed by the argument as either pro, con or other.
Given a claim and a set of constraints, adapt the claim to fit within the constraints without compromising its quality.
An argument has unacceptable premises if any of its premises cannot be accepted as true without further evidence. decide whether the following argument has unacceptable premises or does not have unacceptable premises
Given the following argument, decide which of these statements is true: the argument... ...is a question. ...makes no use of evidence. ...uses statistical evidence. ...uses anecdotal evidence.
An argument is not well-structured if its structure does not follow basic principles of argumentation, for example if there are too many claims or no clear conclusion can be identified. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks well-structuredness or does not lack well-structuredness
In this task, we will ask you to judge how convincing an argument is. we will give you two arguments: argument a and argument b. would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains a logical fallacy.
Identify the central claim in the following argument
An argument has unclear thesis if it fails to clearly state what it is trying to prove. decide whether the argument has unclear thesis or does not have unclear thesis
Given the following two argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether the second adu has excessive intensity compared to the first adu
An argument is missing clarity if it does not clearly state its premises and conclusion, or when the logical inference between them is unclear. given the following argument, decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity.
Is the following statement an example of a fallacy?
An argument is missing intelligibility if it is either difficult to understand due to its use of ambiguous language or because of a lack of clarity in terms of what exactly the author argues for and why. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
Is the given clause a premise for the given conclusion?
Decide which of these statements is true: argument b is more convincing because it provides more facts, enough support, credible evidence or clear explanation.
An argument can be fallacious if it uses weak or irrelevant evidence to support its claim, such as appealing to authority without providing justification, using circular reasoning, or relying on false assumptions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains fallacy or does not contain fallacy
An argument has missing assumptions if important information needed to understand the reasoning behind the argument is left out. decide whether the argument has missing assumptions or does not have missing assumptions
An argument is non-sense if it is incoherent, i.e., lacks intelligibility because it is too confusing to understand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is non-sense or is not non-sense
Which is the better argument?
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if its claims are adequately supported by their premises. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether all main claims of an argumentation that you see are sufficiently supported by their premises. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is considered to have an unclear meaning if its content is vague, ambiguous, or implicit, such that it remains unclear what is being said about the issue (it could also be an unrelated issue). please judge whether this argument has a clear meaning by choosing either "yes" or "no".
A persuasive essay must convince readers to adopt a particular viewpoint or take a specific action. score the persuasiveness of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not try to persuade or it is often unclear what the goal is) 1.5 2.0 (essay tries to persuade but fails to convince most readers) 2.5 3.0 (essay makes a decent attempt at persuasion and could convince some readers) 3.5 4.0 (essay successfully persuades most readers)
An argument is missing credibility if it cites unreliable sources. reliability depends on the nature of the source. for example, scientific journals are more reliable than newspapers which are more reliable than blogs. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
Argument conclusions are well-founded when they provide novel information that is supported by premises which can be justified independently from the conclusion. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of well-foundedness?
An argument is detrimental orthography if it is difficult to read due to bad spelling or grammar. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. determine whether the argument contains detrimental orthography.
Given the following two claims, determine which of the two is better in terms of validity.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as personal if it focuses on individuals rather than ideas or issues. it often involves attacking someone personally instead of addressing their arguments. how would you rate the personality of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as locally sufficient if all premises are covered by arguments and/or other information that support them, i.e., if there are no unsupported claims. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has missing intelligibility if its components (claims and premises) do not make sense on their own but only when considered together with other parts of the same argument. decide whether the argument has missing intelligibility or does not have missing intelligibility
An argument is irrelevant if its content is not related to the issue in question or does not contribute to the discussion of the given issue (it could be a different topic). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or relevant
Given as input two claims, potentially along with context information on the debate, decide if they can be considered as equivalent in terms of their meaning.
An argument commits straw man fallacy if it distorts an opposing position so that it is easier to attack. for example: “my opponent wants to raise taxes, but i am opposed to stealing people’s hard earned money”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits straw man fallacy or does not commit
An argument is missing fairness if it does not assess the arguments on their merits but simply rejects them out of hand.
Given a topic and a set of premises, generate an argumentative essay that argues for the given topic using the given premises.
An argument has a weak premise if the evidence it provides is not strong enough to support its claim. decide whether the argument has weak premise or does not have weak premise
An argument should be seen as having local acceptability if its premises are individually acceptable. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight your judgments about the individual acceptability of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there is a particular premise that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. notice that an argument can have locally acceptable premises even though it has no conclusion or an unacceptable conclusion. how would you rate the local acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments coming from the same document, decide whether they are members of the same argumentative chain or not
An argument has logical inconsistencies if its parts conflict with each other or contradict themselves. decide whether the argument has logical inconsistencies or does not have logical inconsistencies
An argument has dubious sources if one or more of its premises come from unreliable sources such as rumors, hearsay, anonymous websites etc.. decide whether the argument has dubious sources or does not have dubious sources
Is the argument irrelevant conclusion?
An argument is missing commitment if it is inappropriate because it merely states a fact without taking a position or because it consists only of rhetorical questions or imperatives. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument misses commitment or does not miss commitment
An author’s credibility should be seen as high if you think that he/she is trustworthy and reliable in terms of what he/she says, and low otherwise. how would you rate the credibility of the author on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is better structured, organized, has a clear structure, logical flow of ideas, follows a logical sequence, easy to follow, well-organized or coherent
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it provides examples, illustrations, anecdotes, analogies, metaphors, or stories that support its claims, make them more concrete, vivid, memorable, or relatable.
Is the following argument an attack against another comment?
The author is arguing for or against the topic?
Argument conclusions are specific when they do not contain content that goes beyond what is stated in the premise and/or contains very generic terms such as “good” or “bad”. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of specificity?
An argument is missing focus if it fails to stick to the topic at hand, instead discussing issues irrelevant for the discussion. decide whether the argument lacks focus or does not lack focus.
An argument is unconvincing because it lacks proper support for claims if it fails to provide sufficient evidence to back up its assertions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is unconvincing because it lacks proper support for claims or not unconvincing because it lacks proper support for claims
Given a claim and a set of evidence, generate an argumentative essay supporting or opposing the claim.
Identify the stance of each sentence towards the topic: positive, negative, neutral
An argument is missing warrants if it does not explain why the premises are relevant to the claim or how they support it. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks warrants or does not lack warrants
An argumentation’s content should be seen as appropriate if the given claims are proportional to the discussed issue and provide sufficient credibility for the audience. furthermore, the used emotions should be proportional to the discussed issue and allow for critical evaluation of the topic by the reader. how would you rate the appropriateness of the content of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has detrimental orthography if its spelling errors make it hard for the reader to understand the point being made. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography.
A fallacy is an error in reasoning, which occurs when the premises do not provide support for the conclusion. fallacies are often used intentionally by arguers in order to deceive their opponents. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains a fallacy or does not contain a fallacy
Argument conclusions are strong when they provide substantial support for the claim made in the premise. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of strength?
An argument is missing fairness if it is unfair towards one side of the discussion by misrepresenting their position. this can happen when the author uses straw man arguments, i.e., distorts or exaggerates someone else’s viewpoint to make it easier to attack. another way of being unfair is to present only one side of the issue while ignoring reasonable counter-arguments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
Consider the following three arguments (argument a, argument b, and argument c). which of the following statements is true? argument c contains a fallacy.
Given the following two sentences, decide whether they are in an argumentative relation (e.g. support or attack).
Is the argument in the given text an example of ad hominem fallacy?
An argumentation should be seen as sufficient if it contributes to the resolution of the given issue in a way that allows for no further discussion about the issue at hand. this does not mean that all possible questions are answered by the author’s argumentation but rather that there is nothing left to discuss within the scope of the particular debate. how would you rate the sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if it does not address the question asked in the motion. it can also be called off-topic or irrelevant. for example: “i think this is very important but i don’t want to discuss it here.” given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment.
An argumentation should be seen as globally sufficient if it contributes to the resolution of the given issue in a way that leaves no important aspects unaddressed. in particular, if the author takes a stance towards the discussed issue, she should provide enough support for her position to justify taking this stance. if the author provides multiple stances with respect to the discussed issue, then each one should be supported accordingly. how would you rate the global sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a topic and a set of premises, determine whether they support or refute the topic.
Given an argumentative claim and a set of premises, generate a rebuttal tailored to the claim.
Given a topic, generate an argumentative claim tailored to the beliefs of someone who is either for or against it.
A claim is off-topic if it does not address the given issue directly, e.g., by talking about a different aspect of the issue (sub-issue) or even a completely unrelated one. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is off-topic or on-topic.
An argumentation should be seen as globally sufficient if it is neither lacking nor having too much content for the resolution of the given issue, in your view. this means that you think that the amount of stated arguments and their elaborations is enough for resolving the given issue within the expected target audience, taking into account how these arguments have been stated. notice that you may see an argumentation as globally sufficient even though the stated arguments do not persuade you of the author’s stance. how would you rate the global sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a set of arguments on the same topic, decide whether they are in favor or against the given topic.
An argument is a non-sequitur if its premises do not lead to the conclusion. given an argument and the topic of the debate, decide whether it is non-sequitur or not non-sequitur.
An argument is toxic if it expresses a high degree of emotionality towards the opponent or other people involved in the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument expresses toxic emotion or does not express toxic emotion
An argument has circular reasoning fallacy if it presents itself as self-evident truth while actually relying on unproven assumptions. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning fallacy or does not have circular reasoning fallacy
An argument is missing acceptability if either some part of the argument contradicts commonly known facts or beliefs or the premises used in the argument do not agree with each other. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks acceptability or does not lack acceptability
Which of the following two arguments has stronger premises? (argument a/argument b)
The following argumentation is globally acceptable if everyone from the expected target audience would accept both the consideration of the stated arguments within the discussion of the given issue and the way they are stated. notice that you
Argument conclusions are reliable if they follow reliably from the premise, meaning there is little reason to doubt the truth of the conclusion once the premise is accepted. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of reliability?
Decide whether the comment has any factual evidence or not. the key question to answer is: does the author provide facts/statistics/examples etc?
An argument is missing respect if it does not treat others as equal partners in a discussion by insulting them or questioning their competence to participate in the debate. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
A good claim is one that makes a strong point, has supporting evidence, and avoids logical fallacies. it also takes into account different perspectives and counterarguments. compare the given two versions of the same claim and determine which one is better (claim 1 or claim 2).
Given two arguments and their conclusions, decide whether they agree or disagree.
An argument is weak if it has a flaw in its structure, content or form. given the following arguments and the topic of the debate they appeared in, determine whether each argument is weak or not weak.
An argument is well-structured if its premises are properly connected to the conclusion and if there is no missing premise that is needed to make the connection between the premises and the conclusion clear. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has well structured argumentation or does not have well structured argumentation
Given a premise and a claim, decide whether they are compatible or not (whether they support each other).
An argument is not specific enough if its content lacks details or examples that would make it more convincing. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks specificity or does not lack specificity
Argument conclusions are clear if they clearly state the relationship between the premise and the conclusion, meaning there is no ambiguity or confusion about what the argument is trying to say. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of clarity?
The author organizes his/her thoughts logically and coherently. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument organizes thoughts logically or does not organize thoughts logically.
Extract all claims from the given text.
Identify the type of appeal used in the given argument: ethos, logos, pathos
An argument is biased if its content is based on fallacies of bias. decide whether the argument has bias or does not have bias
An argument is inappropriate if it shows missing commitment to the topic of debate, i.e. either it does not show any stance towards the topic or its stance cannot be determined. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or not missing commitment
Identify whether there exists any premise in the given text
Given two arguments on a topic, decide whether they are making similar or contradictory points. for each task come up with 5 examples of correct answers (the number of examples is not important).
An argument commits hindsight bias fallacy when it judges past events based on current knowledge instead of what was known at the time. for example: “of course they won’t win now since they lost last year.” given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits hindsight bias fallacy or does not commit h
An argument is strong if its premises strongly support its conclusion. given the following argument, would you agree with the following statement?the argument is generally weak or vague.
An argument is missing balance if it only considers arguments that support the author’s viewpoint and does not consider any opposing viewpoints. decide whether the argument lacks balance or does not lack balance
Given the following arguments: is argument a better than argument b in terms of clarity?
An argument has bias if it favors one side over another without providing fair consideration to alternative viewpoints. decide whether the argument has bias or does not have bias
An argument is missing intelligibility if it makes no sense at all. this includes grammatical errors, unintelligible sentences, incomplete thoughts, and any other reason that makes the argument impossible to understand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing intelligibility or not missing intelligibility
An argument has missing commitment if the author does not make a clear claim, but rather asks questions to other users (e.g., "what do you think about x?") or just states facts without taking a position on them (e.g., "x happened."). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it adequately rebuts the counter-arguments that are explicitly raised in the comment. notice that this is a rather weak requirement, since not all possible objections to an argument may have been raised in the comment. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has circular reasoning if its components (claims and premises) form a loop where one component supports another, which in turn supports the first component. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
Given two arguments, decide whether they are expressing similar ideas.
An argument has fallacious reasoning if the inference from premises to conclusion is invalid in the sense that the truth of the premises does not guarantee the truth of the conclusion. for example, the premise ‘a lot of people believe x’ cannot justify the conclusion ‘x is true’. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has fallacious reasoning or does not have fallacious reasoning
An argument is missing an important premise if it lacks information that would make its reasoning clear to most people. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument misses an important premise or does not miss an important premise.
An argument is toxic if it contains negative emotions such as hate, anger, frustration, etc., directed towards other users or groups of people. toxic arguments may also contain threats or insults. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions or does not contain toxic emotions.
An argument lacks sufficiency if its premises do not provide enough evidence to support its conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
Argumentative discourse units (adus) are text segments that represent an elementary unit of reasoning. adus can either be premises or conclusions. segment the following review into its elementary argumentative units. elementary argumentative units are the fundamental components of an argument.
An argumentation should be seen as emotional if it appeals to emotions and if these emotions are strong enough to influence your judgement. please note: the emotions appealed to can be either positive (e.g., joy, hope, enthusiasm) or negative (e.g., fear, anger, sadness). how would you rate the emotionality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has logical flaws if some parts of it are inconsistent with others. decide whether the argument has logical flaws or does not have logical flaws
Identify the potential consequences of the proposed solution in the given argumentative text.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it lacks evidence, proof, facts, data, examples, reasons, logic, statistics, scientific support, quotes from experts, references to other sources, links to further information, etc.
An argument is missing constructiveness if it only criticizes other arguments but does not contribute any new ideas or perspectives on the issue at hand. decide whether the argument lacks constructiveness or does not lack constructiveness
Given two arguments, decide whether they are both toxic or non-toxic
An argument has a fallacy of relevance if the premises are not related to the conclusion. decide whether the following argument has fallacy of relevance or does not have fallacy of relevance.
A statement is missing commitment if it does not take the topic seriously or lacks openness towards other’s arguments. decide whether the highlighted clause lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Consider the following argument. which sentence is the conclusion?
A rebuttal is defined here as any argumentative discourse unit (adu) that would attack another adu by challenging its validity. is there a problematic rebuttal at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Identify the argumentative components in a given text (e.g., claim, premise, conclusion).
A statement is relevant to a claim if it is related to the claim’s topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is relevant or irrelevant.
A rebuttal should be seen as successful in countering the original argument if it provides sufficient reasons against the original argument’s conclusion(s) or premise(s). it should be seen as not successful if it does not provide sufficient reasons against the original argument’s conclusion(s) or premise(s). notice that you should not judge about the persuasive effect of the author’s rebuttal, but you should decide whether the rebuttal gives good reasons to reject the original argument’s conclusion(s) or premise(s) in principle—or neither. how would you rate the success of the author’s rebuttal in countering the original argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argument and its conclusion, decide whether the conclusion is novel with respect to the premises (i.e., it contains novel premise-related content and/or combination of the content in the premises in a way that goes beyond what is stated in the premise).
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it acknowledges the limitations, weaknesses, uncertainties, risks, costs, trade-offs, or unintended consequences of its own position, solution, or recommendation, and explains how they can be minimized, mitigated, managed, or accepted.
An argument has weak support if its premises are not well-connected to the conclusion, meaning that there is no logical inference from the premise to the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has weak support or does not have weak support
An argument is not relevant if it does not contribute to the resolution of the given issue, i.e., if it provides arguments and/or other information that are not helpful to arrive at an ultimate conclusion regarding the discussed issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
A premise is missing if there are unstated assumptions in the argument which have to be added for the argument to make sense and/or be complete. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks premise or does not lack premise
A false cause argument incorrectly identifies the cause of a problem or event. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a false cause argument or not a false cause argument
Given a claim and a set of evidence sentences, generate the most convincing argument against the claim based on the provided evidence.
An argument has a false analogy if the comparison between two things is weak. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains a false analogy or not
An argument can be classified as having missing intelligibility if it is inappropriate due to its low intelligibility. this means that the author does not express their ideas clearly enough so that they are easy to understand by everyone who reads them. how would you rate the clarity of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the following sentence part of an argument or not?
Please judge about local sufficiency according to whether the argumentation contains enough arguments to support its claim and does not contain too many irrelevant or redundant ones. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is logically deceptive if its logical form is intentionally designed to mislead an audience by concealing important assumptions. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
An argument has insufficient evidence if it lacks sufficient facts, data, statistics, examples, testimonies, expert opinions, etc., to support its claims or counterclaims. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient evidence or does not have insufficient evidence
In rhetoric, an enthymeme is a syllogism that is missing either one of the premises or the conclusion. enthymemes can be used to make an argument more persuasive by leaving out information that might weaken the argument or confuse the audience. identify whether there is a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
The topic of the debate is "should we ban the sale of violent video games?" given the following argument and the topic of the debate. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a refutation that directly addresses and discredits the opposing viewpoint.
An argument is missing intelligibility if its reasoning is incomprehensible, i.e., if it contains non sequiturs, inconsistencies, or circularities. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
The style of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if it suits the expected target audience and the context where the argumentation was made. notice that you may see an argumentation as having an appropriate style even though its stated arguments do not persuade you of the author’s stance. how would you rate the appropriateness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is considered lacking clarity when its language does not allow readers to understand what exactly is being discussed or argued for. this can be caused by ambiguous wording, unclear references, vague explanations, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
Identify whether the argumentative text contains hasty generalization fallacy.
An argument is said to have weak analogy if it claims that what is true for something must also be true for other similar objects. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has weak analogy or does not have weak analogy.
Given the following two premises (premise a and premise b), would you agree with the conclusion?
An argument is respectful if it treats others with courtesy and avoids personal attacks or insults. it is disrespectful if it engages in personal attacks or insults or otherwise shows a lack of respect for others. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is respectful or is disrespectful
The persuasiveness of an argument refers to how much the argument convinces someone who was initially skeptical about the topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument is persuasive or not.
Is the argument straw man?
An argument is not relevant if it does not support or attack the topic of the debate. decide whether the argument is not relevant to the topic or is relevant to the topic
Is the argument below an
The conclusion of an argument should be seen as relevant if it contributes to the acceptance or rejection of the topic (e.g., “should abortion be legal?”) being discussed by the comment thread containing the author’s argument. you should be open to see a conclusion as relevant even if you disagree with it. how would you rate the relevance of the conclusion on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument conclusion is weakly supported by the premise if there is only a tenuous link between the premise and the conclusion. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of being more strongly supported?
Consider the following two arguments (argument a and argument b). which of the following statements is true? argument b provides more evidence than argument a.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each premise has sufficient supporting arguments or is supported by background knowledge. notice that it is not always clear what background knowledge we can assume to be shared between the author and us readers. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether each premise is sufficiently backed up by supporting arguments or by plausible assumptions. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has a fallacy if it contains errors in reasoning. decide whether the argument has a fallacy or does not have a fallacy
Summarize the main points made in the following argumentative text.
Given the following passage, identify all the enthymemes present in the text.
An argument is missing empathy if it displays an unwillingness to consider the perspective and feelings of others in forming its own position. decide whether the argument lacks empathy or does not lack empathy
An argument is a red herring if it diverts attention away from the issue at hand by bringing up an irrelevant point. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a red herring or not a red herring
An argument has misleading reference if it cites a source without presenting the source accurately or in context. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has misleading reference or does not have misleading reference
Given two arguments a and b, decide whether argument b is less convincing because it is attacking, abusive or disrespectful.
An argument is unsubstantiated if its claims are presented without any supporting evidence or reasoning. decide whether the argument is unsubstantiated or not unsubstantiated
Identify the irrelevance that strays from the topic in the given argument.
An argument is missing politeness if it shows disrespect towards other people or groups of people, i.e., if the author uses inappropriate language (e.g., insults), makes ungrounded accusations, etc. how would you rate the degree to which the author’s argumentation is missing politeness on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has toxic emotions if it expresses emotions such as anger, hate, grief, sadness, fear, worry, etc., which are detrimental to the quality of the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
An argument has missing intelligibility if its message is unintelligible due to poor writing style, lack of cohesion, lack of coherence, spelling mistakes, grammar errors, typos, missing words, extra words, wrong words, unexplained jargon, ambiguous pronouns, run-on sentences, sentence fragments, wordiness, passive voice, nominalization, incorrect punctuation, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing intelligibility or does not have missing intelligibility
Identify all sentences that reiterate important points made earlier in the essay.
Argumentative discourse units (adus) are text segments that convey one single aspect of an argument. given a pair of adus coming from the same document, determine whether they represent different aspects of the same argument.
Given two claims, predict if they are members of the same argument or not.
Given a debate topic and two opposing viewpoints, determine which viewpoint is more convincing.
Identify the counterarguments presented against each claim made in the given argumentative text.
An argument is missing commitment if it fails to take a position, for example because it merely states facts or asks questions instead of making claims. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument is toxic emotions if it contains offensive language or personal attacks, which may distract readers from the main point being made. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
Select the main claim from the options below.
An argument is ethically deceptive if it appeals to ethical values like freedom, justice, etc., to trick people into believing something. decide whether the argument is ethically deceptive or not ethically deceptive
The following two arguments have been annotated with the labels “claim” (in blue) and “premise” (in red). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is more convincing because it provides facts, support, credible evidence or clear explanation.
The style of an argumentation can be seen as engaging if it uses vivid examples and stories that help illustrate points and keep the reader interested. how would you rate the engagement of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument coherence refers to how well organized the essay is. an essay with a high argument coherence score presents its ideas in a clear order and would be easy for most readers to follow. score the argument coherence of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay has no structure or organization) 1.5 2.0 (essay’s structure makes it hard to follow its argument) 2.5 3.0 (essay presents its ideas in a clear order and would be easy for most readers to follow)
Identify the main claim of the given text on a given issue.
An argument lacks coherence if its premises do not support the conclusion or if there is no logical connection between the premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks coherence or does not lack coherence
Given a paragraph containing several claims made by different authors, rewrite the entire paragraph such that it improves in terms of text quality and/or argument quality, and preserves the meaning as far as possible.
The argument has a conclusion that is not supported by its premises. decide whether the argument has unsupported conclusion or does not have unsupported conclusion
An argument is constructive if it can lead to a productive debate and improve the understanding of the reader about the issue at hand. decide whether an argument is constructive or not constructive given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in.
Given an argumentative claim, revise it to improve its quality in terms of clarity, specificity, relevance, etc. the output should be in the format: "revised premise: <revised_premise> --> revised claim: <revised_claim>" or "revised refutation: <revised_refutation> --> revised rebuttal: <revised_rebuttal>" or "revised backing: <revised_backing>"
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b), decide whether argument a is more convincing than argument b because it sticks to the topic.
A claim is well-structured if its wording and syntax clearly reveal that it is an opinion rather than a fact or question. how would you rate the structure of the author’s claim on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
If an argument is well-structured, then it has a clear structure, logical flow, organization, outline or sequence. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as relevant if it adequately addresses the issue at stake in the discussion by providing a reason for supporting or opposing the author’s stance on that issue. how would you rate the relevance of the arguments stated in the comment on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Produce a short text that argues for or against the following claim: "genetically modified organisms pose risks to health and environment."
Given a topic, classify the stance of each sentence towards the topic as “supporting”, “opposing” or “neutral”.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it has more emotional appeal, meaning that it evokes strong feelings like anger, fear, joy, sadness, disgust, surprise, etc., which make readers feel connected to the issue being discussed.
Given the following premise and conclusion, determine which fallacy is present:
Argument relevance refers to the extent to which the argument supports the claim being made. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is better supported by evidence or examples.
Given a claim, determine if it is phrased suboptimally or optimally (suboptimal or optimal).
Identify the stance taken towards the given topic in each argumentative text.
An argument is missing fairness if it contains irrelevant information or uses emotionally loaded language to influence the audience’s emotions rather than their reason. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
A question is defined as a request for information from another person. is there a problematic missing question at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument shows missing commitment if it does not take a clear position on the discussed issue, e.g., by expressing indifference ("whatever"), uncertainty ("maybe", "perhaps") or reluctance ("i don't know", "i can't say"). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
The topic of the following debate is "should we ban all handguns?". given the argument below and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography
An argument has weak reasoning if the reasoning given by the author is insufficient to justify the acceptance of the argument’s conclusion. this may happen because the premises do not support the conclusion at all, only partially, or contradict each other. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has weak reasoning or does not have weak reasoning
An argumentation should be seen as well-reasoned if it presents arguments that are relevant to the discussed issue and that are based on accepted principles. notice that you should not judge about the quality of the reasoning itself (e.g., whether the author uses valid deduction rules), but you should judge about the relevance of the presented arguments to the discussed issue. how would you rate the reasonableness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An ad hominem (latin: "to the person"), short for argumentum ad hominem, is a general category of fallacies in which a claim or argument is rejected on the basis of some irrelevant fact about the author of or the person presenting the claim or argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has ad hominem or does not have ad hominem
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is less biased, prejudiced, discriminatory, sexist, racist, homophobic, xenophobic, ageist, ableist, classist, elitist, ethnocentric, nationalist, patriotic, religiously intolerant, politically partisan, ideologically motivated, or similar.
The author’s conclusion is valid if it follows logically from their premises. in other words, there needs to be a logical inference linking the premise to the conclusion. is the conclusion valid?
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if every statement in it would be accepted by everyone from the expected target audience as true or likely to be true. notice that you may see an argumentation as locally acceptable even though the stated arguments do not persuade you of the author’s stance. does the author’s argumentation seem locally acceptable to you?
Some arguments are inappropriate because they contain toxic emotions such as hate speech, verbal abuse, threats etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic emotions or not toxic emotions
An argument has toxic humor if it makes jokes about sensitive issues like race, gender, religion etc., which might offend certain groups of people. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic.
An argument has weak phrasing if the wording does not clearly convey the author's intended meaning. decide whether the argument has weak phrasing or does not have weak phrasing
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each step of its reasoning can be justified. this means that all implicit assumptions are acceptable, and the inferential steps of the argumentation are valid. notice that it may sometimes be difficult to assess whether implicit assumptions are acceptable or not. please try your best to make a judgement according to what you see in the text. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a pair of arguments, predict if they have the same stance (agree/disagree).
An argumentation should be seen as successful in convincing if it presents arguments that are likely to persuade readers from the expected target audience of the author’s stance. the likelihood of persuasion may result from the soundness of the stated arguments or from their appeal to emotions or common sense. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you think that the author has good chances to convince someone, then do not judge him or her to be not convincing. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in convincing on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing clarity if it is unclear what the author wants to argue for/against; that is, when there are multiple possible interpretations of what exactly the author’s standpoint on the issue is. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if its premises are individually acceptable. the individual acceptability of a premise is determined by how reasonable it is to believe the premise, i.e., whether there is sufficient evidence for the truth of the premise. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if its author does not commit to a clear position with respect to the issue under discussion, e.g., by using words like “maybe”, “probably” or “could be”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment.
Given two arguments on the same topic, decide whether they have the same conclusion but different premises or not.
Is the argument logically consistent?
Distinguish, whether the comment is an argumentative comment or a non-argumentative comment. the key question to answer is: is the author arguing in favor of his/her opinion/attitude towards the topic?
An argument should be seen as globally acceptable if it contributes to the resolution of the given issue in a way that is accepted by everyone from the expected target audience. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a claim and its corresponding rebuttal, determine whether they are members of the same argument or not.
The credibility of an argumentation can be thought of as a measure of how much trust you put into the argumentation because you think that the author is honest, knowledgeable, intelligent and unbiased with respect to the discussed issue. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing well-reasonedness if its structure does not follow the rules of logic or critical thinking. decide whether the argument lacks well-reasonedness or does not lack well-reasonedness
An argument is missing practicality if it is based on unrealistic assumptions and/or is unlikely to be implemented. decide whether the argument lacks practicality or does not lack practicality
An argument lacks sufficient evidence when there isn't enough information provided by either party to support their position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks evidence or does not lack evidence
Given a claim and a premise from the same document, predict if the premise is supporting or attacking the claim.
An argument is not sufficiently supported if its premises are insufficiently backed up by evidence, examples, statistics, expert opinions, etc., or if they lack necessary assumptions or implicit premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sufficient support or does not lack sufficient support
An argument is deceptive if its premises are incorrect, irrelevant, misleading, exaggerated, incomplete, biased, or insufficiently supported by evidence. decide whether the argument is deceptive or not deceptive
Given as input an argumentative claim, potentially along with context information on the debate, generate an argumentative response to the claim, i.e., a piece of text that argues against the claim.
Identify the best counterargument to the given arguments:
An argument is toxic if it contains a high amount of negative emotions and/or offensive language. toxic arguments are inappropriate because they can lead to a hostile discussion environment and distract readers from constructive discussions. how would you rate the toxicity of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the following argument: "argument". is it valid?
An argument has circular reasoning if one of its claims serves as a premise for another claim, which then becomes a premise for yet another claim etc., until we return back to where we started from. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
Given a sentence and a topic, classify the sentence as an “attacking argument” if it includes a reason for attacking the opponent or their arguments in the context of the debate on the given topic, or as a “non-attacking argument” otherwise.
In order to assess the relevance of an argumentation, consider whether its premises have something to do with the debated issue and whether they provide relevant information for the discussion. notice that you may see premises as relevant even though you do not personally accept them. how would you rate the relevance of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The quality of an argument depends on how well its premises are supported by objective evidence. a premise is not supported by objective evidence if it contains personal opinions, feelings, beliefs, etc. it can also happen that no supporting evidence is provided at all for some premises. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the supportiveness of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” supportiveness - unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the supportiveness of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the highlighted part of the text an argument conclusion?
What is the stance of this comment towards the topic? choose one option: pro, con, or neu.
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if you personally accept them, i.e., they are plausible to you. notice that the premises may not seem acceptable because you do not agree with their content (e.g., you believe the opposite) or because you doubt that they are true. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is well-grounded if the evidence it provides is sufficient to support its conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well-grounded or not well-grounded.
An argument is insufficiently specific if it is too vague or abstract and lacks concrete examples or details that would make it easier to understand and evaluate. consider the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is insufficiently specific or not insufficiently specific.
Argumentation aims at increasing (or decreasing) the acceptability of a controversial standpoint for the listener or reader by putting forward a constellation of propositions intended to justify (or refute) the proposition expressed in the standpoint. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks reasonableness or does not lack reasonableness
Given a pair of elementary units, decide which one supports the other more strongly. support relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions are supported in practical argumentation: reason and evidence. the former can support either objective or subjective propositions, whereas the latter can only support objective propositions. that is, you cannot prove that a subjective proposition is true with a piece of evidence. for example, “the only issue i have is that the volume starts to degrade a little bit after about six“and i find i have to buy a new pair every year or so.”(y) is supported by “i've had these headphones for over 6 years now,”(x).
Given two argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether there is a support relation between them or not.
Given a premise and a conclusion, decide whether the premise supports the conclusion or not.
The task is to identify fallacies in natural language arguments, which are defined here as errors in reasoning that render an argument logically invalid. is there a fallacy at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Given the following two versions of the same argument, which one is better (argument 1 or argument 2)?
Does the following argument contain a straw man fallacy?
An argument is missing relevance when it contains off-topic content, e.g., unrelated to the subject being discussed or the question asked. given the following arguments and the topic of the debate the arguments appeared in. decide whether argument b is more relevant than argument a.
Decide whether the given clause belongs to a premise or a claim in an argument.
The strawman fallacy occurs when someone distorts another person's argument in order to make it easier to attack. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits the strawman fallacy or does not commit the strawman fallacy.
Classify the stance of the author towards the topic at hand as either positive or negative.
Given a set of claims, generate an argumentative premise that supports the given claims.
A premise of an argument should be seen as acceptable if you find it plausible that a reasonable person would agree with it. this means that a premise can be acceptable even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is logically fallacious if it commits a formal error in reasoning that makes it impossible for its conclusion to be validly inferred from its premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is logically fallacious or not logically fallacious
Identify the kairos that considers timing in the given argument.
The fallacy of appeal to the people consists in basing one’s argument on a popular belief or an appeal to emotion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains
Given two arguments on a topic, find out if one supports or attacks the other.
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if all its premises are accepted by the expected target audience and if the way in which these premises lead to the main conclusion can be considered valid (e.g., no fallacies). how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it does not contain any self-contradictory statements where the writer contradicts themselves either explicitly or implicitly throughout the course of the essay.
An argument is missing precision if it presents vague claims and concepts without defining them clearly. decide whether the argument lacks precision or does not lack precision
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a persuasive essay that aims to convince readers to adopt a particular perspective on the issue under consideration.
The author of an argument provides reasoning for their position on an issue, but fails to address the counter-arguments provided by the other side of the debate. this can be considered as lacking balance. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks balance or does not lack balance.
Given an argument and the topic of the debate it appeared in. decide whether the argument is more or less convincing than other arguments.
Identify all elementary units in the following text
An argument is irrelevant if it does not address the topic of the debate, or only addresses a minor aspect of it. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or relevant
The two arguments below (argument a and argument b) both express a similar opinion on a given issue. would you agree with the following statement?the writer of argument a uses more convincing evidence than the writer of argument b.
An argument is missing commitment if it lacks a clear stance on the issue at hand. this can happen when the author does not state their opinion directly, but rather only implies it through other means (e.g., rhetorical questions). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if its conclusion follows from its premises and assumptions. notice that this does not imply that all assumptions are true; they may even be false but still be assumed for the sake of the argument. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing intelligibility if the author fails to make clear what he/she means by using ambiguous words or phrases, vague expressions, unclear references, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing intelligibility or is not missing intelligibility
In this task, we provide you with a short text that argues for or against the following debate topic. you are asked to generate a counter-argument to refute the given argument.
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative claim that is neither too weak nor too strong.
A premise is a statement that serves as the foundation for an argument or conclusion. is the following argument clause a premise?
An argument is toxic if it contains content that would be inappropriate for a general audience (e.g., racist, sexist, homophobic, religiously intolerant, etc.). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or is not toxic
In an argument, a premise is irrelevant to the conclusion if it does not provide evidence for or against the conclusion. a premise may be irrelevant because it has no logical connection to the conclusion, or because it relates to another issue that is distinct from the one being argued about. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains irrelevant premises or does not contain irrelevant premises
Given an argumentative claim and the topic of the debate it appeared in, decide whether the argument is inappropriate due to toxic emotions or not inappropriate due to toxic emotions
Given two arguments for and against a particular claim, determine which is stronger.
Given two arguments a and b on the same topic, does a agree with b?
An argument is reductio ad absurdum if it reduces an opponent’s position to absurdity by exaggerating, caricaturing, distorting, misrepresenting, strawmanning, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is reductio ad absurdum or not reductio ad absurdum
An argument is unintelligible if it is incomprehensible, i.e., the reader cannot make sense of what the writer is trying to say. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility.
Given an issue, rate the relevance of the following argumentative discourse unit for the issue on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
The quality of an argumentation should be seen as good if it does not contain any logical fallacies, that is, errors in reasoning which undermine its soundness or validity. how would you rate the overall quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A premise of an argument should be seen as acceptable if it can be reasonably accepted by everyone from the expected target audience. notice that you may see a premise as unacceptable even though you agree with its content. also notice that this question does not ask about your own stance towards the given premise but only about what you think others could accept. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments (argument1 and argument2) with different stances, would you agree with the following statement?argument 1 is more convincing because it is less biased than argument 2.
Is the given clause a counterexample?
An argument is missing relevance if it includes irrelevant premises (i.e., premises which are not related to the conclusion) or makes an irrelevant claim in the conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argumentation is to be considered as clear if it is easy for the reader to understand what the author wants to convey. decide whether you would rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on a scale from "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has fallacious reasoning if it includes an error in logic that invalidates the conclusion. decide whether the argument has fallacious reasoning or does not have fallacious reasoning
An argument is missing commitment if the author does not take a clear stance or position on the topic. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment.
Given an argument and its topic, decide whether the argument is detrimental to orthography or not (detrimental orthography or not detrimental).
An argument conclusion should be seen as acceptable if you agree with its content, i.e., if you think it is true or correct. how would you rate the acceptability of the conclusion of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is logically deceptive if the logic used by the arguer leads to confusion rather than clarity about the subject matter being discussed. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
An argumentation should be seen as logically consistent if the premises and conclusion are not contradictory, i.e., if you think that the author’s line of thought is coherent. you should be open to see an argumentation as logically consistent even if it does not match your stance on the issue or seems illogical in terms of its content. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information are contradictory with each other. how would you rate the logical consistency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing dialectical adequacy if it fails to anticipate and address potential counterarguments. decide whether the argument lacks dialectical adequacy or does not lack dialectical adequacy
An argument is missing completeness if it does not provide sufficient information to allow the audience to understand and assess its premises. given the following argument, decide whether the argument lacks completeness or does not lack completeness.
An argument is missing fairness if it misrepresents the content of another participant's argument or it ignores their arguments altogether. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
The argument is missing a warrant, i.e. the reasons why it should be believed are not provided. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks warrant or does not lack warrant
An argument has conflicting information if its components (claims and premises) seem to contradict each other. decide whether the argument has conflicting information or consistent information
An argument has irrelevance if its content does not relate directly to the issue being discussed. decide whether the argument has irrelevance or does not have irrelevance
An argument has missing commitment if it contains statements that are irrelevant for the discussed issue. notice that such statements can be generally relevant (i.e., important), but irrelevant for the current discussion. also notice that an argument should be considered as having missing commitment only if its main claim is on-topic (otherwise, see inappropriate). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
Given a controversial topic, generate a set of diverse counter-arguments.
An argument is bandwagon if it relies on appealing to popular opinion or majority belief, encouraging conformity to the norm. decide whether the argument is bandwagon or not bandwagon
An argument is missing sufficiency if it lacks a premise that would support the conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
An argument is missing relevance if it includes information that is not directly related to the main point being made, making it difficult for the reader to understand the argument's intended message. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance.
Is the following claim general enough?
Given two arguments on a topic, decide whether they are redundant to each other (i.e., they convey similar information without adding anything new).
An argument should be seen as locally acceptable if its premises are not only factually correct but also free from logical errors, and the way in which they are stated is globally acceptable. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The local relevance of an argumentation should be seen as high if each individual part of the argumentation contributes to the resolution of the given issue. this means that each premise supports the conclusion directly or indirectly via another premise. in addition, there should be no irrelevant parts within the argumentation. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify all the claims made in the following review.
A fallacy of composition occurs when someone assumes that something true of part of a whole must also be true of the whole. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has fallacy of composition or does not have fallacy of composition
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if its conclusion follows from the given premises. notice that a premise may consist of several sentences. also notice that there are many ways in which an inference can be drawn. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has missing information if important facts or explanations needed to fully grasp its message are absent. decide whether the argument has missing information or does not have missing information
An argument is missing intelligibility if the meaning of its text cannot be understood by a reader who has at least basic knowledge about the topic under discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing intelligibility or not missing intelligibility.
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if all its parts are directly related to the given issue, i.e., they support or attack the main claim(s) of the author’s stance on that issue. notice that this does not mean that an argumentation is persuasive for you in case it only contains relevant parts. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The clarity of an argumentation can be thought of as the degree to which it uses grammatically correct and widely unambiguous language and avoids unnecessary complexity and deviation from the discussed issue. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
For each premise in the comment, please judge how well the conclusion follows from that premise. you should be open to see a premise as relevant even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the relevance of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” relevance—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. please answer for all premises in the comment, even if they seem redundant or similar. rate the quality of the author’s reasoning on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)
An argumentation should be seen as successful in addressing counterarguments if it addresses all counterarguments that may come to mind of the target audience. if no such counterarguments exist, then the argumentation should be seen as being successful. if there are some counterarguments that come to mind of the target audience but which are not addressed, then the argumentation should be seen as not successful. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about whether the argumentation addresses all counterarguments, then do not judge him or her to be not successful. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in addressing counterarguments on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An appeal to popularity claims that something must be true because it’s popularly held to be true. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits appeal to popularity or does not commit
Identify the following fallacy in the text: appeal to emotion
Classify the stance of the second comment towards the first comment as: support, attack, neither
You are given an article, a question and two stances (yes vs. no) towards this question. your task is to form a persuasive argument toward the question that supports each stance respectively.
An argument has circular reasoning fallacy if it uses the same premise as the conclusion, making the argument self-referential and therefore invalid. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning fallacy or does not have circular reasoning fallacy
Given the topic, decide whether the argument is appropriate or not.
An argument is lacking timeliness if it refers to outdated information, events or studies, or fails to address recent developments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks timeliness or does not lack timeliness
Please provide feedback on the helpfulness of the following review.
An argument has conflicting information if some parts of the argument contradict other parts. decide whether the argument has conflicting information or does not have conflicting information
An argument has a black-or-white fallacy if it suggests that there are only two choices available when there may be multiple shades of gray between them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has black or white fallacy or does not have black or white fallacy.
Given an argument (or two arguments), decide whether they are complementary or not.
Given a warrant and two arguments, determine which argument best matches the given warrant. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
An argument is missing reasoning if it does not provide evidence for its claims and/or fails to establish logical connections between the various parts of the argument. decide whether the argument lacks reasoning or does not lack reasoning
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate a series of questions designed to elicit further discussion and debate around the issue.
Consider the following arguments (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a has better reasoning because its conclusion is supported by evidence.
Given a topic and two arguments, decide whether the two arguments are on the same side of the issue or not. if they both support one position, choose "same", if they support different positions, choose "different".
Argument structure refers to how clear the organization of an essay is. an essay with a high argument structure score has a clear organization and would convince most readers of its clarity. score the argument structure of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (the organization of the essay is unclear and hard to understand) 1.5 2.0 (the organization of the essay is somewhat unclear but mostly understandable) 2.5 3.0 (the organization of the essay is quite clear) 3.5 4.0 (the organization of the essay is very clear)
An argument has ad hominem if it contains a premise that attacks the person presenting the argument instead of the argument itself. decide whether the argument has ad hominem or does not have ad hominem
Determine whether the given argument is missing commitment or not. missing commitment refers to arguments that do not make a clear claim, are ambiguous, or lack a definite stance on the issue. for example, "i think x might be good" or "it depends on y". given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Is the following argument clause an argumentative component (claim, premise or non-argument)?
An argument is not understandable if the way in which it connects premises to conclusions or supports claims with evidence is unclear. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is not understandable or is understandable
Decide whether the following two arguments are related by any type of relation (e.g., attack, support).
An argument has insufficient clarity if its structure and/or language make it difficult for readers to understand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient clarity or does not have insufficient clarity
An argumentation should be seen as convincing if its reasoning makes sense and appears sound to you, i.e., if you think that it could persuade someone who does not hold a strong opinion about the issue at hand. you can see an argumentation as convincing even if you do not agree with the position it takes. if there are multiple premises in the comment, try to adequately weight their individual quality when judging about their “aggregate” persuasiveness—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The emotions created by an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if they appear proportional to the discussed issue within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue). how would you rate the appropriateness of the emotions created by the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The task is to classify the given clause as either a premise or a conclusion.
Given two arguments on a topic, determine whether they are similar or not based on their content and structure.
A claim is an assertion made by one side in support of its position; this term also refers to the statement(s) that summarize the main point(s) of an argument. consider the two claims below (claim a and claim b). would you agree with the following statement?claim a is less convincing because it provides no facts, not enough support, not credible evidence or no clear explanation.
Generate a supporting argument for the given claim.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it has no false premises and if all premises that could be questioned by the target audience are supported by further arguments. notice that it is not generally clear which premises could be questioned by the target audience. you should use your best judgment about this. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the main idea in the argument below
Given an argumentative claim along with context information on the debate, decide whether the claim has been previously stated by another user in the same debate thread.
The content of an argument can be considered appropriate if its information is relevant to the given topic and if it does not contain any toxic emotions such as insults, hate speech, threats, bullying or other forms of toxicity. it also needs to show commitment to the position argued for and must be intelligible in terms of the logical structure and semantics. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is appropriate or inappropriate.
For each pair of argument clauses coming from different documents, decide if they share the same stance or not.
An argument has redundancy if its content repeats itself unnecessarily without adding new insights into the matter at hand. decide whether the argument has redundancy or does not have redundancy
An argument is missing well-arranged if it does not present the issue, arguments and conclusion in the right order or if they are unclear due to bad wording. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks well-arranged or does not lack well-arranged
Argument conclusions are acceptable if they do not contradict common sense, meaning the conclusion is reasonable and makes sense. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of acceptability?
Given a sentence, classify it as an “argument” if it includes a reason for supporting or opposing some position, or as a “non-argument” if it does not include such a reason.
An argument has insufficient reasoning if it does not have enough information to justify its conclusion. decide whether the argument has insufficient reasoning or does not have insufficient reasoning
What is the stance expressed in the given text?
An argumentation should be seen as successful in creating logical consistency if it is free from contradictions and inconsistencies, e.g., if it does not claim something which is later denied or if there are no obvious holes in the reasoning. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the author’s logical consistency, then do not judge him or her to be illogical. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in creating logical consistency on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is weak if its premises do not provide enough justification for their conclusions or they contain fallacies like ad hominem attacks or straw man arguments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is weak or not.
An argument is lacking reasons if it lacks sufficient justification for its claim. the lack of justification may be due to insufficient explanation, lack of evidence, absence of examples etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks reasoning or does not lack reasoning
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it gives examples, provides evidence, supports its claims, backs up its ideas, proves its points, gives references or cites sources.
Given a pair of argument clauses coming from different documents, predict if they agree or disagree with each other.
Is the argument accurate and truthful?
The following argument contains a fallacy. which one?
Given two arguments consisting of a claim and a reason, select the correct rebuttal that explains why these two arguments cannot both be true at the same time. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
Given a sentence and an argument, classify the sentence as “supporting evidence” if it includes factual information that is relevant to the argument or as “non-evidence” otherwise.
An argument should be seen as acceptable if it does not contain fallacies or weak reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is acceptable or not acceptable
The persuasiveness of an argumentation should be seen as high if the used language makes it easy for readers to accept the argumentation. this means that the chosen words and sentences should support the acceptance of the expressed arguments. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it adequately rebuts those counter-arguments to its conclusion that are actually stated by the opponent. notice that there may be cases where it is infeasible to rebut all objections raised against an argumentation. please judge about local
Given an argument a and an argument b, decide whether they are on the same side or different sides.
A good explanation of an argument is one that provides a clear and accurate account of its reasoning, including all relevant premises and conclusions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has a good explanation or bad explanation
A logical fallacy is defined as "an error of reasoning". given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. determine whether the argument commits any logical fallacy (i.e., lacks reasonableness) or not (does not lack reasonableness).
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it provides a convincing interpretation of the given issue. please judge about global acceptability according to whether you can agree with the author’s view on the given issue in light of their argumentation. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the vagueness that lacks precision in the given argument.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is based on facts, supported by evidence, backed up by research, proven by science, verified by experts or confirmed by authorities.
Given an argumentative claim, generate a rebuttal that is tailored to the given beliefs.
Given a controversial topic and an opinion, generate an argumentative claim that supports your opinion.
An argument conclusion is strong if it clearly supports the main point of the argument. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a stronger than conclusion b?
An essay with a high specificity score presents a specific stance on the issue at hand. how would you rate the specificity of the author’s essay on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing premise if there are premises which are needed for the argument but are left unstated by the author. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing premise or not missing premise
Consider the following argument: “maintaining a healthy diet
An argument is toxic if it contains offensive language, hate speech, threats or attacks against people or groups based on their race, ethnicity, nationality, gender, religion, sexual orientation, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions or does not contain toxic emotions
Given a pair of sentences, decide whether they are contradictory.
An argument is deceptive if it contains fallacies that aim to mislead the reader by obscuring the truth. decide whether the argument is deceptive or not deceptive
An argument has missing premises if it fails to provide all the necessary information needed to support its claims. decide whether the argument has missing premises or does not have missing premises.
A red herring fallacy occurs when there is a shift onto another issue to mislead the audience by distracting, detracting, and confusing an opponent, which leaves the original point unproven. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits a red herring fallacy or does not commit a red herring fallacy
An argument uses appeal to authority when it relies on an irrelevant authority in place of argument of evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses appeal to authority or does not use appeal to authority
An argumentation should be seen as appropriate if it adheres to the norms of rationality, such as the avoidance of fallacies, the use of sound language, the consideration of alternative views, the provision of adequate supporting material, and the adherence to the principles of dialectical exchange. how would you rate the appropriateness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The following text contains two arguments a and b which are connected by an argumentative relation, e.g. support or attack. determine whether a supports or attacks b.
Given the following argumentative discourse unit (adu) and the topic of the debate the adu appeared in, decide whether the adu is on topic or off topic
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if they are likely to be true, given what we know about the world. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight the acceptability of the premises for each conclusion when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there are particular premises or conclusions that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation.
An argument is emotionally fallacious if the emotions appealed to are not justified by any reason. decide whether the argument is emotionally fallacious or not emotionally fallacious
An argument is missing fairness if it is biased towards a particular point of view, fails to consider opposing viewpoints and/or misrepresents an opposing viewpoint. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness.
An argument is missing a sense of proportion if it exaggerates the importance of one or more claims in the context of an issue. decide whether the argument lacks proportion or does not lack proportion.
Given the following two argumentative discourse units, determine whether the relation between them is support or attack.
Produce a short text that argues for or against the following debate topic. the text should be structured as follows: introduction, argument a (in favor of the motion), argument b (against the motion), conclusion.
The persuasiveness of an argument can be measured by how likely it would convince a reader to change their opinion on the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has high persuasiveness or low persuasiveness
A premise of an argument should be seen as strong if it provides a good reason, evidence, or similar for accepting the conclusion. you should be open to see a premise as strong even if you do not agree with its content. how would you rate the strength of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument structure refers to the overall structure of an argumentative essay. an essay with a high argument structure score presents its arguments in a clear and well-structured way, while also considering opposing viewpoints. score the argument structure of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay has no structure or it is unclear what the structure is) 1.5 2.0 (essay has a weak structure that does not make sense or does not support the thesis) 2.5 3.0 (essay has a decent structure that supports the thesis but could be improved) 3.5 4.0 (essay has a strong structure that clearly supports the thesis)
Identify the argumentative text from the following choices.
Given a set of arguments, generate an argumentative claim that is supported by the given arguments.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it ignores alternative viewpoints focusing solely on own beliefs disregarding others' positions whereas argument b considers opposing views seriously attempting to understand where they come from despite disagreement ultimately arriving at best possible solution given constraints imposed reality.
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it is phrased optimally or suboptimally (optimal or suboptimal).
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it has no evidence, is lacking support, examples, sources, references, statistics, quotes, citations, proofs, data, studies, surveys, polls, opinions from experts, links to articles, websites, books, journals or reports.
An argument is lacking credibility if it does not seem believable or trustworthy. this can be caused by different reasons: it may contain false information or assumptions, the source of the information is questionable, or the argumentation itself is not convincing. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the correctness of the author’s arguments, then do not judge him or her to be not credible—unless you explicitly think that the arguments do not support the author’s stance. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as successful in persuading if it is likely that readers will change their mind regarding the discussed issue after having read it. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds, i.e., if reading it is more likely to make readers stick to their own position on the issue than to adopt the author’s position. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the persuasive power of the argumentation, then do not judge it to be unsuccessful. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in persuading on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because its author does not take into account an important point made by the opponent.
An argument is logically flawed if its components (claims and premises) seem to be connected illogically. decide whether the argument is logically flawed or not
Argument conclusions are comprehensive when they cover all aspects of the issue being discussed and address potential objections from opposing viewpoints. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of comprehensiveness?
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument
Given an argument, identify the stance of the author towards the topic (for/against/neutral).
An argument can be thought of as having three parts: 1) the claim, which is what the arguer wants us to believe; 2) the grounds, which are the reasons offered by the arguer in support of the claim; and 3) the warrants, which are implicit assumptions used to link the grounds to the claim. given the following central claim and an argumentative discourse unit (adu), determine the argumentative role, i.e. proponent or opponent of the adu.
An argument is irrelevant if it does not support or attack the stance on a given issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has irrelevance or does not have irrelevance
An argument has missing claims if its main claim is too vague and needs further clarification. decide whether the argument has missing claims or does not have missing claims
Given a work of literature, generate an argumentative claim that analyzes the themes and motifs of the work.
A good argument should be relevant by providing information that directly relates to the issue at hand. the relevance of an argument can also be assessed by considering whether the premises provide reasons for accepting the conclusion. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight the relevance of the premises for each conclusion when judging about their “aggregate” relevance—unless there are particular premises or conclusions that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the relevance of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Does the following sentence contain any argumentative content or not?
Given the following argument, its topic and stance (yes vs. no). your task is to form a counterargument that refutes the given argument.
The argument contains a false dilemma fallacy if it presents two options as mutually exclusive even though other options may exist. for example: “either we let the terrorists win, or we fight back.” given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains false dilemma fallacy or does not contain false dilemma fallacy
In your view, does the author’s argumentation seem rational? please rate the rationality of the argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
An argumentation should be seen as clear if its used language is understandable and comprehensible to a reader without further information than what is given in the text itself. this includes that all abbreviations are explained and that all sentences make sense within the context of the text. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify all claims made by the author in the given argumentative essay.
Given two arguments for a given claim, determine which one is more persuasive.
Given an argumentative claim, identify which of the following quality improvement types should be improved when revising the claim: typo/grammar correction, clarification, link correction/addition
Decide whether the given argument contains confusing reasoning or does not have confusing reasoning.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if its premises are adequate in relation to the conclusion they support. notice that there may be cases where a premise does not provide any evidence for the conclusion, but instead attacks a counter-argument to the conclusion. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the argument personalized and customized?
A fallacy is defined here as any reasoning error that undermines the logic of a written argument. given the following argument with such a flaw, generate a new adu that fixes the fallacy.
An argument is misleading if it uses deceptive tricks to mislead readers. decide whether the following argument is misleading or not misleading
An argument conclusion is novel if it contains novel content related to the premises and/or combines the contents of the premises in a way that goes beyond what is stated in the premises. is the conclusion novel?
An argument has poor style if its language is unprofessional, offensive, uses slang, jargon, or abbreviations. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument has poor style or does not have poor style.
A stance is a statement that expresses an opinion or point of view. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, identify whether it has pro stance, con stance, or no stance.
An argument conclusion is relevant when it follows logically from the premise(s). given the conclusions below: is conclusion a more relevant than conclusion b?
An argument is non-redundant if it contains no redundant information, i.e., every part of the argument contributes new information to the discussion. would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it is redundant.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each single inference step in the chain of reasoning is warranted and justified. local sufficiency thus concerns the adequacy of the argumentation's premises and the inferential link between them. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is comprehensible if the meaning of each sentence is understandable and the vocabulary does not contain very technical terms that could make the argument hard to understand. how would you rate the comprehensibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has a contradiction if one component (a claim or premise) contradicts another component. decide whether the argument has contradiction or does not have contradiction
Identify which elementary units support a proposition (i.e., are premises) and which do not (i.e., are conclusions). support relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions are supported in practical argumentation: reason and evidence. the former can support either objective or subjective propositions, whereas the latter can only support objective propositions. that is, you cannot prove that a subjective proposition is true with a piece of evidence. for example, “they just weren’t appealing to me”(y),“i own sennheisers, bose, ludacris souls, beats, etc.”(x).
Given an argument, identify the position that the author takes on the given topic.
The premises of an argument should be seen as relevant if they have some bearing on the argument’s conclusion. notice that this does not require that you personally agree with the author’s reasoning; it only requires you to judge whether the author’s reasoning makes sense to others. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the relevance of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” relevance—unless there is a particular premise that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the relevance of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as successful in making use of shared starting points if it refers to such starting points in a way that helps to convince the recipient. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the author’s reference to shared starting points, then do not judge him or her to be unsuccessful. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in making use of shared starting points on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is off-topic if it discusses issues unrelated to the main point of contention. off-topic remarks distract from the core argument and may confuse readers who expect all parts of the discussion to relate back to the central issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is off topic or not off topic
The reasoning in an argument is unclear when there is no clear relationship between the claims made and their supporting evidence. decide whether the argument has unclear reasoning or does not have unclear reasoning
Argument structure refers to the structure of an argument. an essay with a high argument structure score has a clear thesis and presents its arguments in a logical order, whereas an essay with a low argument structure score does not have a clear thesis or is disorganized. score the argument strength of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay is extremely disorganized) 1.5 2.0 (essay is very disorganized) 2.5 3.0 (essay is somewhat disorganized) 3.5 4.0 (essay is organized)
An argument is non-constructive if it does not contain any constructive content, i.e., only contains rhetorical questions and/or statements that are difficult to interpret as being either pro or con. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is non-constructive or is constructive
An argumentation should be seen as sufficiently elaborated if it provides enough details about its claims and premises. notice that some claims may be self-explanatory while others require further explanation. also note that different audiences might require different levels of detail. how would you rate the level of elaboration of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it recognizes that there may be exceptions to general rules but explains why these exceptions do not apply in this particular case.
Identify the claim of an argumentative text.
An argument is unverifiable if it contains a claim that cannot be verified, e.g., because the evidence for the claim is missing or not given in sufficient detail. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is unverifiable or not unverifiable.
An argument is missing commitment if it contains conditional claims (i.e., claims that begin with words like “if”, “assuming”, “unless”), vague claims (i.e., claims that contain words like “maybe”, “perhaps”, “possibly”) or counterfactual claims (i.e., claims that describe hypothetical situations). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Given a pair of argumentative discourses, determine if they are on the same side or not.
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if they can reasonably be assumed to be true by both sides of the debate. notice that this criterion is independent of how sufficient the premises are in supporting the conclusion(s). how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a topic and a set of beliefs, generate a claim that supports the given topic based on the provided beliefs.
Given an argument, decide whether it is in need of further
Given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason, decide whether this argument has confusing reasoning or does not have confusing reasoning
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each premise is adequately supported by the other premises or by implicit assumptions that are accepted in the context. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments (a and b), decide if a is more convincing than b.
An argument should be seen as successful in addressing the audience's needs if it takes into account what the audience wants to know or how they feel about the topic under discussion, e.g., by providing further explanations or acknowledging possible doubts. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the author’s responsiveness, then do not judge him or her to be unresponsive. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in addressing the audience’s needs on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing reasoning if it lacks critical thinking skills, such as the ability to analyze, evaluate, and synthesize information. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks reasoning or does not lack reasoning
An argumentation should be seen as logically coherent if it does not contain contradictions, i.e., if no statement contradicts any other statement within the argumentation. this includes explicit statements as well as implicit ones, e.g., those that can be inferred from the given information. how would you rate the logical coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument b is less convincing because it has no conclusion or an unclear conclusion.
How would you rate the credibility of the source of this claim? "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)
Does this comment contain reasoning? if so, how would you rate its strength on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has a fallacy of distraction if it draws attention away from the topic and instead focuses on an unrelated issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is distracting or not distracting.
The given argument is convincing
An argument is straw man if it distorts or exaggerates an opponent's argument for the purpose of more easily attacking or refuting it. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is straw man or not straw man
A premise of an argument should be seen as acceptable if you think it is true, correct, well-founded, or similar—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. you may see a premise as acceptable even though you do not personally accept it, i.e., acceptability does not presuppose personal acceptance. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are valid when they follow from the premises. in other words, when assuming the premises to be true, the conclusion must also be true. are the premises sufficient to support the conclusion?
An argumentation should be seen as reliable if you think that the author’s arguments are correct and well-founded and if you have no doubts about their correctness or do not know whether they are correct. how would you rate the reliability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is insufficiently supported if the reasons for supporting the claim are either absent or too weak. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is insufficiently supported or is sufficiently supported
The reasoning in an argument is weak if the premises don’t support the conclusion very strongly. decide whether the argument has weak reasoning or does not have weak reasoning
Distinguish, whether the comment is informative regarding the discussed topic or not (not informative). the key question to answer is: does the comment contribute new information, facts or opinions to the discussion?
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if its individual premises provide support for their respective conclusions. you should be open to see an argumentation as locally relevant even if you do not think that the provided reasons are correct—unless you explicitly think that the reasons contradict their conclusions. rather, the question is whether the provided reasons have a bearing on their conclusions. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument lacks relevance if its components (claims and premises) seem not to be connected logically to each other or to the topic of the debate. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if the strength of the evidence provided by the arguments for the conclusion is adequate given the context of the argumentation. try to take into account both how strong the evidence actually is and whether it is appropriate given the seriousness of the claim made by the conclusion. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A fallacy is reasoning that is logically incorrect, undermines the logical validity of an argument, or is recognized as unsound. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. determine whether the argument uses fallacious reasoning or not.
Is the given clause an opinion?
Consider the following argument: "i think we should ban smoking because it's bad for your health". would you agree with the following statement? this argument uses irrelevant reasons or irrelevant information.
An argument is not sufficiently relevant if it is only partially related to the topic, but does not address it directly or contains a lot of information that is irrelevant for the topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is sufficiently relevant or is not sufficiently relevant
An argument has a slippery slope fallacy if it assumes that taking one small step will inevitably lead to much worse consequences down the line without considering other possible outcomes along the way. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has slippery slope fallacy or does not have slippery slope fallacy.
You are given an argumentative text about a topic. your task is to identify the stance of the text towards the topic. a stance can be either pro or con
A good argument should be concise and clear. the language used in the argument should be easy to understand and free from any unnecessary complexity. rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
The two arguments below have different conclusions. would you agree with the following statement?argument a's conclusion is better because it is more novel than that of argument b.
The quality of an argumentation can be determined by evaluating its logical structure, reasoning, evidence, assumptions, clarity, coherence, emotional appeal, etc. in this task, we ask you to evaluate the overall quality of the author's argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
Given an argumentative essay, generate an argumentative claim tailored to the beliefs presented in the essay.
An argument is missing well-roundedness if it fails to consider different perspectives, viewpoints, or counterarguments. decide whether the argument lacks well-roundedness or does not lack well-roundedness
An argument is missing fairness if only one side of the argument is presented without considering alternative views or if opposing arguments are ignored. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness.
An argument is emotionally manipulative if the emotions appealed to are genuine but are not relevant to the issue at hand. decide whether the argument is emotionally manipulative or not emotionally manipulative
Identify the logical fallacy from the given argument.
The following argument is a straw man because it
An argument is non-ambiguous if it has a clear meaning, i.e., its content is not vague or unclear such that different interpretations can be made about what is being said about the issue. decide whether the given argument is ambiguous or not ambiguous
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a comparison that highlights similarities or differences between two things in order to support or refute the claim.
An argument is considered to have insufficient reasoning if it does not provide enough evidence for the stated arguments. this can either mean that there is simply not enough information provided, but also that there is some irrelevant information which distracts from the actual issue at hand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient reasoning or does not have insufficient reasoning
An argumentation should be seen as sufficient if its premises provide enough support for its conclusion. notice that there may be cases where this is impossible due to the nature of the issue under discussion. please judge about sufficiency according to whether the conclusion follows from the provided premises. how would you rate the sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A premise is a statement which is assumed for the sake of argument, and through which other statements are supported or contradicted. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains premises or does not contain premises
An argument is missing sufficiency if it fails to establish the truth of its conclusion even when assuming that all of its premises are true. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
An argument has circular reasoning if it uses the conclusion as a premise to support itself, or if the reasoning relies on assumptions that are already present in the conclusion. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
Is the following statement true?argument b is less convincing because it is poorly structured or difficult to follow, making it hard for readers to understand the main point.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it assumes prior knowledge about certain concepts, events, people etc. that might not necessarily be shared by everyone involved in the discussion or debate regarding this particular subject matter.
An argument is lacking logic if it contains logical fallacies, e.g., circular reasoning, straw man, ad hominem, slippery slope, red herring, false dilemma, bandwagon, appeal to authority, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks logic or does not lack logic
Generate an argument supporting the given stance on the topic.
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as clear if it can easily be followed by most readers; this includes, among others, its logical flow, use of connectors and references, and paragraph division. how would you rate the clarity of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is one-sided if it does not consider counter-arguments to its own position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is one-sided or is not one-sided
A premise of an argument should be seen as sufficient if it provides enough reasons to accept or reject the conclusion of the argument, i.e., if you think that there is no need for further reasons to support or attack the conclusion—unless new information would come up that undermines the sufficiency of the given premise(s). how would you rate the sufficiency of the premises of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has anecdotal evidence fallacy if it bases its claims solely on personal experiences or anecdotes rather than objective facts and statistics. decide whether the argument has anecdotal evidence fallacy or does not have anecdotal evidence fallacy
An argument is missing empathy if the author does not take into account how his/her arguments may affect other people’s feelings. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks empathy or does not lack empathy
An argument is lacking clarity if its meaning is unclear due to ambiguous vocabulary or sentence structure, making it difficult for readers to understand the point being made. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An enthymeme is defined here as any missing argumentative discourse unit (adu) that would complete the logic of a written argument. given the following two arguments from different sides of the same debate, decide which one is more convincing.
Argument conclusions are novel when they contain novel premise-related content and/or combination of the content in the premises in a way that goes beyond what is stated in the premise. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the correctness of the author’s arguments, then do not judge him or her to be not effective—unless you explicitly think that the arguments do not support the author’s stance. is the conclusion novel?
Extract the conclusion from the given argument
An argument is well-structured if it is easy for you to follow the line of reasoning and to identify which part of the text constitutes the premises, the conclusion and other parts (if present). how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The following text consists of two arguments (argument a and argument b). decide which one has more evidence?
The credibility of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if it supports the creation of trustworthiness by the reader towards the author and their claims. this can be achieved via references to external sources, by providing evidence for the given premises and/or conclusions, by referring to expertise or experience that may increase the reader’s perception of the author’s authority regarding the discussed issue. how would you rate the appropriateness of the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it employs circular reasoning wherein one assertion leads directly back to another rather than building upon previous points whereas argument b demonstrates how each step builds towards a coherent whole.
An argument is classified as detrimental orthography if its language is detrimental to the discussion. for example, vulgarities, insults, threats, personal attacks are all forms of detrimental orthography. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains detrimental orthography or not.
An argument has missing premises when it does not provide enough information to support its claim or conclusion (e.g., facts, evidence). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing premises or does not have missing premises
Given an argumentative claim, select the type of strength issue from the defined set (not enough info, not enough detail, fallacious reasoning, other) that should be improved when revising the claim.
The argumentation style of a person should be seen as neutral if the author uses polite language, does not attack other people or their ideas directly, does not use emotional words such as "terrible" or "fantastic", and avoids personal attacks on the opponent. how would you rate the neutrality of the author’s argumentation style on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The wording of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the used words and phrases are suitable for the expected target audience. furthermore, the wording should be neither too complex nor too simple but fit the intended level of abstraction. notice that this does not mean that technical terms may never be used; however, they should be explained if needed. how would you rate the appropriateness of the wording of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if it has a clear and comprehensible structure that allows to identify the main arguments for the author’s standpoint. this means, in particular, that it contains no irrelevant parts or redundancies and is not too long (i.e., does not contain more than 250 words). how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A fallacy is an error in reasoning that does not follow logically from its premise(s). some examples include ad hominem attacks, straw man arguments, red herrings, slippery slopes etc... how would you rate the logical soundness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a set of beliefs about a particular topic, generate an argumentative claim that supports those beliefs while also taking into account potential counterarguments from other perspectives.
An argument should be seen as well-arranged if it presents its premises and conclusion in the right order. usually, the premises should precede the conclusion. notice, however, that other orderings may be used on purpose and may still be suitable to achieve persuasion. how would you rate the arrangement of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has toxic emotions when its content includes personal attacks, insults, swear words, etc., which are directed at another person, group of people, or organization. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
Given a rebuttal and a counterargument, decide whether the counterargument defeats the rebuttal or not.
An argument contains ad hominem fallacy if it tries to undermine another argument by attacking the character of its proponent instead of engaging with the substance of the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument contains ad hominem fallacy or does not contain ad hominem fallacy.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it fails to establish a clear connection between its premise(s) and conclusion(s), does not provide enough context around its claims, leaves important gaps in its reasoning process or jumps to conclusions prematurely.
For each of the following topics, determine which of the two sentences best supports it (or is more relevant).
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if it is easy to follow the author’s line of thought. this includes that premises are clearly identifiable and linked to each other, or to the claim, in a way that helps readers to understand how they contribute to the conclusion. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An author’s credibility can be seen as successful if the target audience has the impression that the author is trustworthy, i.e., he/she will not lie to them and his/her information is correct. it should be seen as unsuccessful if rather the opposite holds. notice that you should not judge about the actual trustworthiness of the author, but you should decide whether the author appears to be credible or not. how would you rate the success of the author in establishing his/her credibility on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing relevance if the given reason does not support the claim made by the author, i.e., the reason is off-topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance.
An argument is missing respect if a person insults another person or their opinion during the conversation. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
Rate how convincing you find the following argumentation on a scale from 0 (not at all) to 4 (very much).
An argument has detrimental orthography if it contains excessive typos, grammar mistakes, emojis, capital letters, repetitions, non-letter characters, etc., which make it difficult to read or understand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography
An argument has circular reasoning if it assumes its conclusion to be true in order to prove that the conclusion is true. decide whether the following argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
What is your agreement with the author’s stance? please rate it on a scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)
Given a pair of arguments and their respective stance labels (supporting or attacking), predict if they are members of the same argument or not.
An argument is not a personal attack if it does not contain any ad hominem attacks, i.e., attacking the person rather than their arguments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains personal attacks or does not contain personal attacks.
Given a text from the user, predict if it is an argument or not.
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative essay describing the obstacles preventing progress toward a solution.
An argument is a strawman if it misrepresents or distorts someone else’s position in order to make it easier to attack. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a strawman or not a strawman
Produce a short text that argues against the given claim.
What kind of attack relation exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between attack on premises (aop), attack on claim (aoc), no attack relation and not enough information to decide. attack relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions are attacked: aop and aoc. that is, you can either attack the premises that were used to justify a claim, or directly attack the claim itself. aop: for an elementary unit x to be an aop for a proposition y, it must provide a reason or a justification why some of the premises leading to y should not be accepted as true. for example, “the author did not make clear what he means by ‘fair’.”(x) and “but at least it will be fair.”(y). aoc: for an elementary unit x to be an aoc for a proposition y, it must provide a reason or a justification why y should not be accepted as true. for example, “i am not sure if i agree with the author here.”(x) and “this was a great book!”(y).
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it is not well-written, hard to follow, unclear, illogical, inconsistent, confusing, disorganized, badly structured, incoherent, poorly written, lacks flow or does not make sense.
The author of this argumentation uses a high amount of language that is either emotional or conveys emotions in their text. in your opinion, how appropriate is the usage of such language for creating credibility within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue)? please rate the appropriateness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a is more convincing because it is more creative, innovative, original, imaginative, unique, unconventional, unusual, distinctive, novel, inventive, resourceful, clever, witty, humorous, playful, fun, entertaining, enjoyable, pleasurable, delightful, amusing, lighthearted, cheerful, optimistic, hopeful, encouraging, uplifting, inspirational, motivational, empowering, or energizing.
A good argumentative text is a coherent one. this means that it contains only relevant information and does not contain contradictions. it also means that the reader can follow the line of thought easily and without having to fill in too much information herself/himself. how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is constructive if its author respects their opponents’ arguments, considers them carefully, and tries to build on them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is constructive or not constructive.
Form a persuasive argument toward the question based on the following type of reasoning
Is the argumentative text in the given article clear?
You are given two arguments on a topic. decide which of these statements is true: ...the first argument explicitly attacks the second argument. ...the first argument vaguely/implicitly attacks the second argument. ...the first argument makes no use of the second argument. ...the first argument vaguely/implicitly supports the second argument. ...the first argument explicitly supports the second argument.
An argument commits a begging the question fallacy if it assumes what it is trying to prove. for example: god exists because the bible says so and the bible is the word of god. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits begging the question fallacy or does not commit begging the question fallacy
A claim is defined as a statement that either supports or refutes another statement, or serves as the foundation for an argument. is there a claim at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Given two arguments a and b for a topic t, determine whether both arguments are on the same side of the debate or not.
An argumentation should be seen as coherent if it presents its ideas in a clear and organized manner, with a logical progression of thoughts and a smooth flow of ideas. it should also avoid repetition and unnecessary digressions. how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The author’s argumentation can be seen as sufficiently structured if all components are connected by appropriate relations such that no component appears superfluous. please judge about structural sufficiency according to whether all main parts of an argumentation that you see are linked appropriately. how would you rate the structural sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the following two arguments. which argument is more convincing?
An argument is logically deceptive if it contains a fallacy that would lead an unsuspecting reader to accept false information as true, or reject true information as false. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
An argument has unverified information if it includes assertions without proper verification, putting its accuracy at risk. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has unverified information or does not have unverified information
Given two arguments for the same stance on a controversial topic, determine which one is more convincing (argument 1 or argument 2).
An argument is classified as detrimental orthography if it contains misspellings, typos, grammatical mistakes, capitalization errors, punctuation errors, incomprehensible language use, excessive usage of abbreviations or emojis. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography
An argument is missing independence if it merely repeats points already made by others without adding anything new to the discussion. decide whether the argument lacks independence or does not lack independence
An argument has no focus if it provides no clear conclusion, i.e., if it cannot be determined what position the author supports. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has no focus or has a clear focus.
The goal of this task is to generate an argument for or against a topic based on premises provided as input. each premise should be used only once and not repeated verbatim. the generated argument should be structured according to the toulmin model of argumentation. the output should be in the format: "premise 1: <premise> --> claim: <claim>" or "refutation: <refutation> --> rebuttal: <rebuttal>" or "rebuttal: <rebuttal> --> claim: <claim>" or "backing: <backing>"
Identify the voice that expresses personality in the given argument.
An argument commits bandwagon fallacy if it assumes that something is true just because many people believe it. for example: “everybody believes that global warming is real, so it must be true”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits bandwagon fallacy or does not commit bandwagon fallacy.
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim tailored to some beliefs, generate a rebuttal that addresses those beliefs.
A premise is one of the reasons given by the proponent to support their central claim. an argument is missing premises if it contains no reasons to support its central claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks premises or does not lack premises
Argument conclusions are novel when they contain novel premise-related content and/or combination of the content in the premises in a way that goes beyond what is stated in the premise. given the following two arguments (argument 1 and argument 2) made by different authors on the same topic, decide whether argument 2 has higher novelty compared to argument 1.
An argument has a fallacy of weak evidence if it is based on insufficient or unconvincing premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has weak evidence or does not have weak evidence
An argument is missing fairness if it unfairly characterizes or distorts opposing views in order to make them appear weaker than they are, or ignores relevant aspects of an issue that would weaken one’s own view. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
A claim has insufficient justification if there is no support for the statement made (e.g., evidence, warrants, backing). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient justification or does not have insufficient justification
Given a pair of arguments coming from the same document, predict whether they attack each other.
The slippery slope fallacy occurs when we assume that one event will inevitably lead to another without considering potential intervening factors; this can cause unnecessary fear and anxiety! given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses slippery slope or does not use slippery slope.
An argument is lacking respect if it shows disrespect for persons, groups, institutions, concepts, etc., that are considered worthy of respect by others. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect.
Given the following two argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether they are of the same type.
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative claim that can be used as evidence in support of the given stance (pro/con).
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative claim that can be used to persuade someone of your stance on the issue.
A premise is valid if it follows from the conclusion, meaning there is a logical inference linking the premise to the conclusion. given the premises below: is premise a better than premise b in terms of validity?
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if all premises that are used to justify a claim are also justified, i.e., if there is no premise that is not further backed up by other premises. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the local sufficiency of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” local sufficiency—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. decide whether the author's argumentation is locally sufficient or not locally sufficient
An argument is seen as successful in persuading others if it convinces a large number of readers, i.e., more than half of them. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in persuading others on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The quality of an argumentation should be seen as good if it contains clear and well-arranged arguments that are convincing. notice, however, that the given issue may not allow for a very high quality (e.g., when there is no evidence available). how would you rate the overall quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has confusion of necessary and sufficient conditions or does not have confusion of necessary and sufficient conditions
An argument is relevant if it addresses the issue at hand. decide whether the argument is relevant or not relevant.
An argument has inconsistent claims if two or more of its components (claims and premises) seem to contradict each other. decide whether the argument has inconsistent claims or does not have inconsistent claims.
Given an argument, identify its stance towards the topic (supporting/against), extract its toulmin components (premise, claim, backing, refutation and rebuttal) and provide the stance of each component towards the topic. also, identify which of the following statements is true: the comment... ...explicitly attacks the argument. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks the argument. ...makes no use of the argument. ...vaguely/implicitly supports the argument. ...explicitly supports the argument.
An argument is sarcasm if it uses irony, mockery, ridicule, scorn, derision, contempt, disdain, etc. to express criticism, disapproval, disagreement, dissent, opposition, rejection, refutation, rebuttal, contradiction, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is sarcasm or not sarcasm
Is the following comment helpful?
An essay should be seen as having a clear thesis if its main claim can easily be identified by most readers. score the clarity of the thesis of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not have a thesis or it is often unclear what the thesis is) 1.5 2.0 (essay has a weak thesis or sometimes even argues against it) 2.5 3.0 (essay has a decent thesis and could convince some readers) 3.5 4.0 (essay has a strong thesis and would convince most readers)
The goal of an argumentation is to persuade someone of something. if the arguer does not make his/her point of view explicit in any way then he/she will fail to achieve this goal. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks explicitness or does not lack explicitness.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it presents a stronger case for its position or offers a more compelling explanation for why its position is correct.
The acceptability of an argument refers to how likely it is that people would accept its premises as true. for instance, saying "abortion should be illegal" is unacceptable since many people do not agree with this premise. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The stance of an argumentation is the position that the author takes with regard to a specific issue. how would you rate the clarity of the stance on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is inappropriate if it contains detrimental orthography or toxic emotions or missing commitment or missing intelligibility. decide whether the argument is inappropriate or not inappropriate
Does the second sentence contradict the first one? choose one of the following options: different topic/can’t decide (dtorcd): either one or both of the sentences belong to a topic different than the given one, or you can’t understand one or both sentences. if you choose this option, you need to very briefly explain, why you chose it (e.g.“the second sentence is not grammatical”, “the first sentence is from a different topic” etc.). no contradiction (nc): there is no contradiction between the two sentences. they might even support each other. weak contradiction (wc): the two sentences express opposite views regarding the given topic, but they do so rather implicitly, i.e. they don’t explicitly state their position. strong contradiction (sc): the two sentences express opposite views regarding the given topic, and they do so explicitly, i.e. they clearly state their position.
Given a topic and a set of beliefs, generate a thesis tailored to the beliefs and potentially also supported by evidence in order to present a main idea or proposition that will be defended or argued throughout the discourse.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it presents a solution to a problem, offers a plan of action, suggests ways to improve a situation, or proposes a way forward.
Given the following two argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether the first adu supports or attacks the second one.
An argument is detrimental orthography if it has serious spelling and/or grammatical errors, negatively affecting its readability. given the following comment-argument pair, decide whether the comment makes any use of the argument.
An argument is confusingly reasoned if it contains claims that are unclear, vague, ambiguous, or inconsistent. given the following argument, decide whether it has confusing reasoning or does not have confusing reasoning
You are given two arguments (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains fallacies such as circular reasoning, false dichotomy, straw man etc.
An argumentation should be seen as comprehensible if it presents the given issue, the composed arguments, and its conclusion clearly. usually, this requires using language that can be understood by most readers, avoiding ambiguous formulations, and explaining unclear concepts. how would you rate the comprehensibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has detrimental style if it uses offensive language or contains insults directed at other users. decide whether the argument has detrimental style or does not have detrimental style
Is the argument more credible than the other argument?
An argument is missing clarity if it does not express its ideas clearly. this can be due to spelling mistakes, grammatical errors, unclear sentence structure or simply because of ambiguous phrasing. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argument has vague premise if one of its premises is unclear or ambiguous. decide whether the argument has vague premise or does not have vague premise
An argument has insufficient warrants if there is no warrant connecting the premises to the claim. decide whether the given argument has insufficient warrants or does not have insufficient warrants
An argument is an appeal to emotion if the author tries to influence the audience’s emotions in order to get them to accept their conclusion. how would you rate the presence of emotional appeals on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as well-reasoned if the individual arguments do support the author’s stance and if there are no obvious gaps in the logic. how would you rate the quality of reasoning of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally convincing if it would persuade everyone from the expected target audience to agree with the author’s stance on the local issue. how would you rate the local convincingness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing fairness if it misrepresents opponents’ positions by ignoring important aspects of their arguments and/or by introducing additional claims not made in those arguments. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argument is unfounded if its premises lack sufficient evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared
An argument has contradictory reasoning if it contains premises that are inconsistent with each other or with the claim. decide whether the argument has contradictory reasoning or does not have contradictory reasoning
An argument is a bandwagon appeal if it appeals to popularity, fame, or the fact that "everyone else is doing it" as support for a claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a bandwagon appeal or not a bandwagon appeal
An argument contains vague reasoning if some components (claims and premises) seem not to have a clear meaning. decide whether the argument contains vague reasoning or does not contain vague reasoning
An argumentation should be seen as logically coherent if its reasoning is consistent and free of logical fallacies. you should be open to see an argumentation as logically coherent even if it does not your match your stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the author’s argumentation follows a clear line of thought that makes sense when read from top to bottom. how would you rate the logical coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The central claim of an argument is a proposition which summarizes the main idea of the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, rewrite the argument so that it has a clear central claim.
An argument contains toxic emotions if its content is highly emotional, offensive, threatening, insulting, aggressive, violent, hateful, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions or does not contain toxic emotions
An argument is fallacious if it contains errors in reasoning. for example, if it uses circular logic (i.e., using the same statement to prove itself) or makes hasty generalizations (i.e., assuming something about all members of a group based on only a few examples). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains fallacies or does not contain fallacies.
A premise is missing coherence if it does not logically follow from previous premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the premise lacks coherence or does not lack coherence
Given the following argument, generate a new claim which supports the conclusion.
Given two arguments on the same topic (argument a and argument b), judge which one is more convincing.
What kind of attack relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of another argument? differentiate between rebutting attack and undercutting attack. attack relations can be directed against claims (rebutting attack) or inference steps (undercutting attack). the latter can also target premises that have not been made explicit but are assumed as necessary implicit assumptions of an inference step. for example, “the only issue i have is that the volume starts to degrade a little bit after about six“and i find i have to buy a new pair every year or so.”(x) and “i bought these headphones because they were cheap and had good reviews”(y).
An argument should be seen as original if it introduces new points or perspectives on the issue being debated. otherwise it is unoriginal. notice that you should focus on the originality of the author’s argumentation, not on the originality of his/her writing style. how would you rate the originality of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is well structured if it has a clear structure that helps readers understand how different parts relate to each other. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has good structure or does not have good structure
Given two argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether they contradict each other or not.
Given an argument, determine whether the author is committed to its conclusion or not (committed vs. not committed). the key question to answer is: does the author believe in his/her claim and arguments?
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if every single part of it is appropriate, i.e., if there are no parts that could be improved without changing the overall argumentation. notice that you may see an argumentation as locally acceptable even though you think that it can be further improved. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the sentences in the given text that contain a hasty generalization fallacy.
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b), identify which one contains more personal attacks against their opponents.
Is the argument charitable and compassionate?
An argument's persuasiveness depends on how compelling its reasoning is. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight the persuasiveness of each conclusion when judging about their “aggregate” persuasiveness. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if each premise is individually acceptable. premises can be based on common sense, expert opinions, statistics, scientific findings, etc. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A premise of an argument should be seen as acceptable if you think it is true or reasonable. note that you can judge a premise as acceptable without agreeing with the conclusion of the argument! also note that a premise might be acceptable from a certain point of view but unacceptable from another. it is important to read the entire comment before making your judgment. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the acceptability of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A good argument should demonstrate knowledge of relevant background material. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument demonstrates knowledge of relevant background material or does not demonstrate knowledge of relevant background material.
An argument is missing consistency if it contains a contradiction between one premise and another, or between a premise and the conclusion of an argument. decide whether the argument lacks consistency or does not lack consistency
What is the sentiment of the author's argument towards the topic "should we ban assault weapons?"
Please judge about local sufficiency according to whether the premises of an argumentation are sufficient for accepting its conclusion without further reservations. for example, if there is an obvious objection that has not been addressed, then the argumentation is locally insufficient. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as appropriate if it is respectful towards other participants in the discussion, if it does not contain any severe orthographic errors, and if the used language supports the creation of credibility and emotions. how would you rate the appropriateness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it uses more credible sources, cites more experts, presents more factual information, includes data, statistics, studies, research or other forms of evidence.
An argument can be seen as well-structured if its components (claims and premises) seem to be connected logically, and if the overall structure of the argument seems reasonable. decide whether the argument has well-structured reasoning or does not have well-structured reasoning
An argument is irrelevant if it contains information that does not contribute to the discussion at hand. decide whether the argument has irrelevance or does not have irrelevance.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it provides a better explanation of the topic, e.g., it explains relevant concepts or ideas, gives additional background information, helps understand the issue, etc.
A premise of an argument should be seen as acceptable if it is worthy of being believed, i.e., if you rationally think it is true or if you see no reason for not believing that it may be true. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s premises on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the conclusion(s) in the comment.
An argument should be seen as sufficient if its premises provide enough support for the conclusion so that the conclusion can reasonably be accepted based on these premises alone. try to adequately weight your judgments about global sufficiency and local sufficiency when judging about the overall sufficiency of the author’s argumentation. in doubt, give more credit to local sufficiency due to the limited feasibility of the former. how would you rate the sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the stance expressed in the review
An argument is missing commitment if it does not express a clear stance towards the issue, but merely describes the issue without taking any position on it. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument commits tu quoque fallacy if it attempts to discredit an opponent by pointing out their hypocrisy rather than addressing their actual arguments. for example: “i know you’re against gun control laws, but haven’t you ever broken any yourself?” given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits tu quoque fallacy or does not commit tu quoque fallacy.
The argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if every single inference step from a premise to its conclusion can be regarded as justified. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is more respectful, polite, civil, considerate, courteous, friendly, amicable, conciliatory, accommodating, compromising, understanding, empathetic, compassionate, tolerant, open-minded, fair-minded, impartial, unbiased, objective, neutral, balanced, even
In an appeal to emotion fallacy, the arguer attempts to elicit emotions such as fear, pity, anger, etc. from his audience in order to win acceptance for his conclusion. this kind of argument distracts the reader from the real issue being discussed. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains appeal to emotion fallacy or does not contain appeal to emotion fallacy.
An argumentation should be seen as sufficiently well-structured if its premises can be clearly identified as supporting certain conclusions, and these conclusions form a coherent line of reasoning towards the final conclusion. notice that it is not always easy to identify which parts of an argumentation serve as premises and which as conclusions. also notice that some argumentations may include several lines of reasoning. please judge about structural sufficiency according to whether the structure of an argumentation is made clear enough. how would you rate the structural sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider two arguments a and b that are both on the same topic. decide which one of them is more convincing.
An argument has insufficient evidence if it is not supported by any other arguments, and there are no references to outside sources of information (such as articles or studies). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient evidence or does not have insufficient evidence
An argument is deceptive by exaggeration if it exaggerates some fact or circumstance beyond what is reasonable or acceptable. decide whether the argument is deceptive by exaggeration or not deceptive by exaggeration.
An argument has slippery slope if a course of action is objected to on the grounds that once taken it will inevitably lead to undesirable consequences. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has slippery slope or does not have slippery slope
An argument conclusion is acceptable when it follows logically from the premises and/or can be inferred from them. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of acceptability?
An argumentation should be seen as globally sufficient if everyone from the expected target audience would accept that the stated arguments sufficiently address all aspects of the given issue. notice that this criterion can hardly ever be fulfilled for real-world issues but only approximated. in addition, an argumentation may seem globally insufficient when it does not provide enough information about the background knowledge needed to understand its arguments. how would you rate the global sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if it actually addresses the issue under discussion. consider both the actual arguments and also the credibility and emotional force of the argumentation. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is more convincing because it has more details, information, facts, examples, reasons, better arguments, goes deeper or is more specific. decide which one of the arguments below is more convincing.
Generate an argument against the given statement.
An argument conclusion is valid if it follows from the premise, meaning a logical inference links the premise to the conclusion. is there an invalid conclusion at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
The conclusion of an argument should be seen as novel if its content contains new information that was not stated in the premise. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of novelty?
An argument has weak reasoning if its components (claims and premises) seem connected logically but there are doubts about their connection or some parts of the argumentation are too vague for being evaluated adequately. decide whether the argument has weak reasoning or does not have weak reasoning
Given two arguments with different positions on the same topic, determine which position is better.
The goal of this task is to identify whether an argument is fallacious because of lack of evidence, where no evidence at all is provided for the claim being made. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks evidence or does not lack evidence.
An argument conclusion is defined here as an adu that summarizes the central claim(s) of an argument. given the following argument with a gap marked by <mask>, generate a new adu that fills the gap and serves as the argument's conclusion.
Given two arguments, determine which one is more relevant to the given issue.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a is more convincing because it is more knowledgeable, well-informed, uses relevant knowledge, expert opinion, references to authoritative sources, evidence, statistics, facts, data, examples or cases in point.
A successful argument should be seen as logical if it follows the basic laws of logic and reasoning without committing logical fallacies. how would you rate the logicality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as successful in being intelligible if it is easy to understand for everyone from the expected target audience. notice that you may see an argumentation as intelligible even though you personally find it difficult to understand. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in being intelligible on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A toxic argument is one that contains strong negative emotions, such as anger or hatred. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic
A stance is defined here as a sentence which expresses opinion towards a given target entity. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains a stance or does not contain a stance
An argument is seen as persuasive if the language used supports the creation of credibility and emotions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared
Identify the premise(s) that supports each claim in the given argument.
An argument contains circular reasoning if it assumes what it is trying to prove. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains circular reasoning or does not contain circular reasoning
An argument is not respectful if it violates social expectations regarding politeness and respectfulness in a way that harms the civil exchange of ideas. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is respectful or not respectful
Given a controversial topic, generate a set of beliefs tailored to this topic.
An argumentation should be seen as logically valid if its premises lead logically to its conclusion. in other words, the conclusion should follow from the premises without any logical gaps or inconsistencies. how would you rate the logical validity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has insufficient elaboration if it does not provide enough information for the reader to understand why the claim should be accepted as true or false. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks elaboration or does not lack elaboration
Argument conclusions are well-reasoned if they have a good reason or reasons supporting them. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of having a good reason?
Given a claim, decide whether it can be verified using sources that are widely available on the internet or not
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if you believe that most people who are reasonable, rational, and open-minded would also find them to be true. notice that you may see premises as unacceptable even though you do not personally reject all of them; this means that you think that there are some premises which could be rejected by most people who are reasonable, rational, and open-minded. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A toxic argument is defined as one which makes use of inappropriate language or personal attacks, and/or is off-topic. please judge about toxicity according to the text of the argumentation only. how would you rate the toxicity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The quality of an argumentation should be seen as high if all stated arguments seem true and valid and thus persuasive to you. notice that you may see an argumentation as having high quality even though it does not persuade you of the author’s stance because you already had a different opinion before reading the argumentation. how would you rate the quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it remains consistent throughout its entire length, maintains a steady tone, style or voice across all sections, paragraphs or sentences and avoids sudden shifts in focus, direction or emphasis.
Argument conclusions are well-formed when they do not contain any obvious errors in grammar or spelling, and their structure is clear enough to make them easily understandable for the expected target audience. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of well-formedness?
Given a set of premises and an argumentative claim, generate an argument that supports the claim. 42
An argument is rude if it is impolite or disrespectful. decide whether the argument is rude or not rude.
Given a topic and a set of arguments, rank the arguments based on their persuasiveness and relevance to the topic.
Is the given sentence a claim or premise?
An argument should be seen as dialectically adequate if it considers opposing viewpoints, adequately assesses them on their merits, and gives appropriate weight to relevant counter-arguments. how would you rate the dialectical adequacy of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has circular reasoning if its conclusion restates one of its premises without adding new information. decide whether the argument contains circular reasoning or does not contain circular reasoning
Given a claim and a set of goals, assess the effectiveness of the claim in achieving the goals.
Argument conclusions are specific when they provide precise information about the subject being discussed. they avoid vague generalizations and instead focus on concrete details. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of specificity?
Given a debate transcript, extract all the elementary units (adus) from the text.
Given an argument, classify the stance of the author as pro or con with respect to the topic.
A non-sequitur argument is one whose conclusion does not follow logically from its premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is non-sequitur or not non-sequitur
An argument is convincing when it provides good reasons for its conclusion. in particular, you should consider an argument as convincing even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information are strong enough to convince someone else of the author's point of view. how would you rate the convincingness of the author's argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is logically deceptive if the logic used to justify a conclusion is faulty or incorrect. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
Given a short text that argues for or against a debate topic, determine whether the text contains any ad hominem attack.
An argument has sufficient supporting evidence if it provides adequate factual information to back up its claims. decide whether the argument has sufficient supporting evidence or does not have sufficient supporting evidence
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if all premises provide some support for the conclusion(s) they are supposed to back up. notice that there may be cases where particular premises are not relevant to the conclusions at all (and thus do not contribute to local sufficiency), while other premises adequately support the conclusions they are meant to back up. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has no evidence if it does not provide support for its claim or backing, and relies on unsubstantiated claims or assumptions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks evidence or does not lack evidence
An argument has missing commitment if it lacks a clear point of view regarding the issue at hand; for example, by being neutral or evasive about which side of the issue the author supports. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
An argument is missing engagement if it fails to address the opposing position. decide whether the argument lacks engagement or does not lack engagement
A claim is an assertion that something is true or false, right or wrong, good or bad, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks claim or does not lack claim
An argument is informative if it offers new insights into the topic at hand, while it is non-informative if it does not offer any novel insights. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is informative or is non-informative
Given an argument and a counterargument, determine which of the two is more convincing.
An argument is toxic if it contains a personal attack, an insult or any other form of aggression against the person who posted the previous comment. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic
An argument is too short if it is less than 100 characters long (including spaces). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is too short or is long enough.
Given a pair of arguments coming from different documents, predict if they are members of the same argumentative structure (i.e., agree/disagree with each other) or not.
What kind of attack relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between rebuttal and undercut. attack relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions can be attacked: rebuttal and undercut. the former attacks the conclusion of an inference (i.e., the objective or subjective proposition), whereas the latter attacks one of its premises. that is, you cannot undercut a subjective proposition because it has no premises to begin with. rebuttal: for an elementary unit x to be a rebuttal for a proposition y, it must provide evidence against y. for example, “i don’t think that’s true”(x) and “it does not have bluetooth capability.”(y). undercut: for an elementary unit x to be an undercut for a proposition y, it must show that at least one of the premises of the inference leading to y is false. for example, “you need to read the description more carefully before leaving negative feedback”(x) and “the only issue i have is that the volume starts to degrade a little bit after about six months“and i find i have to buy a new pair every year or so.”(y).
The premises of an argument should be seen as relevant if they relate to the topic of the debate and provide support for the conclusion(s). notice that even though a premise may not be seen as sufficient or acceptable, it can still be relevant. how would you rate the relevance of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing precision if it fails to specify the meaning of words or phrases, leaving them open to interpretation. decide whether the argument lacks precision or does not lack precision
A fallacy is defined as an argument that contains one or more errors in reasoning. the following list of common fallacies can be used for reference: https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/. is there a fallacious statement at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument has vague meaning if its content is unclear due to lack of precision in language, i.e., words are used that could be interpreted in multiple ways. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has vague meaning or does not have vague meaning
Is the following argument a fallacious ad hominem?
An argument is logically deceptive if it makes a logical error in order to deceive, mislead, or distract from the truth. decide whether the following argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if each premise of its constituent arguments supports their conclusion in a way that is appropriate to the given issue. notice that there may be cases where premises are only implicitly connected to the conclusion, i.e., without stating explicitly how they support the conclusion. please judge about local relevance according to whether all main premises of an argumentation that you see are appropriately related to their conclusions. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is irrelevant if its content does not relate to the topic of the debate. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or relevant.
An argument has an unclear contribution to the discussion if its relevance for resolving the discussed issue is hard to identify (e.g., because it introduces new aspects that are only loosely related to the issue). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has unclear contribution or does not have unclear contribution
An argumentation should be seen as sufficiently informative if it provides the reader with sufficient information to understand the author’s stance, i.e., his or her position on the discussed issue. notice that you may see an argumentation as sufficiently informative even though you do not agree with the author’s stance and/or you find the stated arguments unconvincing. how would you rate the informativeness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argumentative discourse unit (adu), generate a new adu that would complete the logic of this written argument as a missing premise.
Given a set of claims, determine whether these claims are about the same topic or not.
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a set of beliefs that support the claim along with counter-arguments against the claim.
An argumentation should be seen as sufficiently specific if it does not contain too much generalizations but rather specifies the given topic appropriately. how would you rate the specificity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An ad hominem argument is a logical fallacy that involves attacking the person making the argument rather than addressing the merits of the argument itself. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains an attack on the character, credibility, or personal traits of the opponent
An argument has loaded language if it uses words with strong emotional connotations to influence the audience. is there a problematic loaded language at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument has inappropriate tone if it uses offensive language or conveys aggressive, disrespectful, or sarcastic attitude towards the opponent. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has inappropriate tone or does not have inappropriate tone
An argument commits red herring fallacy if it introduces irrelevant material to the original issue being discussed. for example: how do i know that suggested changes to the healthcare law won’t take away health insurance from people? well, what about those koalas dying of starvation? given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits red herring fallacy or does not commit red herring fallacy
An argument is non-relevant if it does not address the given issue, but instead raises other topics that are not related to the subject of discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is non-relevant or is relevant
Read the two statements below. would you agree with the following statement?statement b is more convincing because it is more readable, clear, concise, understandable, uses easier words, less complex sentences or shorter sentences.
An argument is ethically deceptive if it makes use of deception by means of misrepresentation, omission, equivocation, or other unethical methods. decide whether the argument is ethically deceptive or not ethically deceptive
The argument should be seen as having strong persuasive force if it would convince everyone from the expected target audience of the author’s stance on the issue. you should be open to see an argumentation as having strong persuasive force even though it does not persuade you of the author’s stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information would persuade everyone else. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the strength of the persuasive force of the argumentation, then do not judge it to be weak. how would you rate the strength of the persuasive force of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The author’s argumentation should be seen as acceptable if you find it reasonable to accept all of its premises. notice that this does not presuppose that you personally accept all of the author’s premises, i.e., acceptability does not presuppose personal acceptance. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing appropriateness if it is off-topic with respect to the debate thread where it appears. decide whether the argument lacks appropriateness or does not lack appropriateness
An argumentation should be seen as persuasive if the stated arguments succeed in making people adopt the author’s stance. notice that this definition differs from the definitions for local and global acceptability since persuasiveness can be achieved by violating rules of proper conduct in discussions or communication. you may thus see an argumentation as persuasive even though it contains some parts which make it locally unacceptable. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is acceptable if it contains valid premises, i.e. if the audience can agree with them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is acceptable or unacceptable.
Given the following two argumentative discourse units, determine the function of the segment
An argument has insufficient support if it contains only claims and no premises. decide whether the argument has insufficient support or does not have insufficient support
Given two sentences from the same text (sentence a and sentence b), determine which one is more convincing.
An argumentation should be seen as successful in addressing counterarguments if it considers opposing viewpoints and attempts to refute them. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the author’s attempt to address counterarguments, then do not judge him or her to fail at doing
An argumentation should be seen as globally understandable if it can be understood by everyone from the expected target audience. you may see an argumentation as globally understandable even though you do not agree with the author’s stance and/or have problems to follow his/her reasoning. how would you rate the global understandability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b) and a topic, determine which one is more convincing based on the provided information. if both are equally convincing, choose “both equally convincing”.
An argument is dogmatic if it asserts its position without considering alternative viewpoints or providing evidence to support its claims. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument is dogmatic or is not dogmatic.
Given the following comment-argument pair, decide whether the comment is a response to the argument. the key question to answer is: does the author of the comment address the points raised in the argument?
Given an argument, determine whether it contains an enthymeme, which is a missing argumentative discourse unit (adu) that would complete the logic of a written argument.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it presents multiple sides of an issue fairly without taking a clear position until all relevant points have been considered carefully.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as creative if it shows originality in the way of presentation of the arguments and other information. it should be seen as uncreative if rather the opposite holds. notice that this evaluation criterion does not refer to the creativity of the content of the argumentation. how would you rate the creativeness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is relevant to the topic of a debate if it makes sense to discuss the argument in the context of that debate. given an argument and the topic of the debate, decide whether the argument is relevant or is not relevant.
An argumentation should be seen as globally sufficient if it provides a complete case for the author’s stance on the given issue, i.e., if all important aspects of the issue are covered by arguments and/or other information. how would you rate the global sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The style of an argumentation should be seen as emotional if it uses language that expresses emotions such as anger, joy or sadness. emotions are often expressed through exclamation marks, capital letters, swearwords or emoticons. how would you rate the emotionality of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is hasty generalization if it jumps to conclusions based on insufficient evidence. is there a problematic hasty generalization at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Investigate how advances in artificial intelligence will shape future employment opportunities and job markets. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is artificial intelligence or not artificial intelligence.
Is the argument romantic and passionate?
The coherence of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if all parts of the argumentation are logically connected to each other in such a way that they form a coherent whole. how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a pair of arguments, predict if they are in conflict or not.
The key question to answer here is: does the comment contain any kind of reasoning? in other words: does the author provide reasons or evidence in order to support his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic?
An argument is poorly structured if its components (claims and premises) seem to be incoherent, i.e., they are not logically connected. decide whether the argument has poor structure or does not have poor structure
Given a topic and some claims, decide whether a claim addresses the topic.
An argument from ignorance suggests that a lack of evidence proves a point, ignoring the possibility that evidence may exist but has not yet been found. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is an argument from ignorance or not an argument from ignorance
An argument is missing clarity if it fails to make clear how the premises support the conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argument is detrimental to orthography if it contains many spelling mistakes that make it difficult to read. decide whether the argument is detrimental to orthography or is not detrimental to orthography
Given an argument, a stance and a topic, decide whether the argument is in favor of the stance on the topic or not.
An argument should be seen as credible if it appears believable, trustworthy, and convincing. in this context, you should consider both the content (e.g., use of facts) and style (e.g., choice of words) of an argument. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as logically convincing if the arguments used by the author make sense and seem to support the author’s stance on the issue. notice that you may see an argumentation as logically convincing even though the stated arguments do not persuade you of the author’s stance. how would you rate the logical persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing relevance if the premises do not support the conclusion, and the author does not provide enough information for the reader to understand how the premises relate to the conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument has weak premises if its claims are supported by insufficient evidence, examples, statistics, quotes from experts or authorities, etc., which may not be reliable enough to prove their points effectively. decide whether the argument has weak premises or does not have weak premises
Generate an argumentative claim tailored to a specific audience
Identify the rhetorical role played by each sentence in the argumentative text: claim, premise, refutation, rebuttal or backing.
The author responds directly to counterarguments raised against him/her. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument responds to counter arguments or does not respond to counter arguments.
Given the following argument, decide whether its conclusion is supported by a sufficient number of premises on a scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
An argument is abusive if the author uses insulting words or makes offensive remarks towards the opponent. decide whether the following argument is abusive or not abusive
An argument is well-written if it has no spelling and/or grammatical errors, does not contain slang or jargon and is easily readable. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well-written or poorly written
An argument is vague if the content of at least one constituent sentence is imprecise or ambiguous, such that it remains unclear what exactly is being said. given the following argument. decide whether the argument is vague or precise.
An argument is missing explicitness if its main claim is not clear, or if some of its premises are only implicit. decide whether the argument lacks explicitness or does not lack explicitness
An argument has a weak conclusion if its conclusion does not follow logically from its premises. decide whether the argument has weak conclusion or does not have weak conclusion
You are given an argumentative text, a claim and a type of reasoning (logos vs. pathos). your task is to decide whether the given claim is supported by logos or pathos reasoning based on the information provided in the text.
Would you agree with the following statement? argument b is less convincing because it is not relevant enough for the given topic.
An argument has a valid structure if the conclusion follows from the premises, meaning a logical inference links the premise to the conclusion. is the argument structurally valid?
A premise of an argument should be seen as reliable if it can be trusted to represent true facts, i.e., if there are good reasons to believe that what the premise states about the world actually holds. note that this does not mean that you personally agree with the statement made by the premise. you should be open to see a premise as reliable even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the reliability of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” reliability—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the reliability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is toxic if it expresses emotions such as anger, hate, or sarcasm in a way that harms the discussion. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if each step of the argumentation makes sense with respect to the previous one and if it supports the conclusion of the previous step. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is classified as detrimental orthography if it uses too many abbreviations or acronyms (e.g., lol) or if it uses non-standard orthography for emphasis (e.g., woooow). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or not.
An argument should be seen as well-formed if it has a clear structure and does not contain any logical fallacies. try to adequately weight your judgments about the presence of logical fallacies when judging about whether an argument is well-formed—unless there are particular aspects that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the well-formedness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it addresses other points made by people in the discussion, refers to others’ posts, responds to others’ points, answers questions posed by others or replies to previous comments.
Determine which of the two given arguments (argument a and argument b) is more convincing.
Is the premise acceptable? (yes/no)
An argument is missing commitment when it lacks assertiveness, confidence and conviction. it also shows low commitment when it expresses uncertainty towards the claim, e.g. through modal verbs like might, could or may. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment.
An argument is overly general if it does not provide sufficient details regarding the discussed issue, e.g., it talks vaguely about the issues without providing any specifics. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is overly general or is specific enough
A toxic emotion is an emotion which has negative effects on people's lives, such as making them less happy or more likely to harm themselves or others. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions or does not contain toxic emotions
Identify the evidence used to support a claim made in the given argumentative text.
An argument is toxic when it contains strong emotions that derail or end the discussion, and thus prevent people from having a reasonable conversation about an issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic.
An argument is missing relevance if it does not discuss the issue, but derails the discussion implicitly towards a related issue or shifts completely towards a different issue. given the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). decide whether the statement “argument a is more convincing because it is more relevant to the topic” holds true or not.
Given a claim, select all the reasons from the list below which support this claim. there are 3 options given, only one answer is correct.
Argumentative reasoning is confusing if the components (claims and premises) seem not to be connected logically. decide whether the argumentative reasoning is confusing or not confusing
Does the given sentence belong to a reasoning part of the text?
Given two arguments on opposite sides of the same debate, classify whether they are attacking each other or not.
The author of this argumentation uses words to create emotions in order to make people more willing/unwilling to be persuaded by the author. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in making an emotional appeal on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing reasonableness if its reasoning contains fallacies, such as false analogies or generalizations, circular arguments or red herrings. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks reasonableness or does not lack reasonableness
The following is an example of an opinionated claim and its corresponding stance (pro, con, or unknown). your task is to identify whether the given evidence supports the stance of the user on the big issue
The author’s argumentation is specific if it refers to particular cases rather than making general statements. how would you rate the specificity of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is of low quality if it contains contradictions, poor grammar, spelling mistakes, incomprehensibility, incoherence, lack of structure, etc. given the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it is poorly written.
Given two arguments on a topic, decide if they are for or against the same stance.
Given the following two argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether the second adu is an additional premise of a relation that has more than one premise.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each of its individual arguments adequately supports the respective sub-conclusion that it was meant to support. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether all arguments are locally sufficient. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it focuses primarily on economic aspects associated with renewable energy technologies rather than their potential positive impacts on society overall.
A rebuttal can be used to counter an argument by presenting a counter-argument that either weakens or eliminates the original argument’s reason(s) for accepting the claim. if there are multiple claims/reasons in the comment, try to adequately weight the strength of the rebuttals when judging about their “aggregate” strength—unless there are particular rebuttals or claims/reasons that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the strength of the rebuttals on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it takes into account potential objections that could be made against its position and responds to those concerns thoughtfully and thoroughly.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it provides good reasons for accepting its conclusion. notice that this does not necessarily mean that you agree with the conclusion. rather, the question is whether you think that someone could reasonably arrive at the given conclusion based on the provided information. you may also see an argumentation as acceptable if you think that its conclusion is wrong but that the provided information gives reason to consider the issue more carefully than before. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A premise of an argument should be seen as acceptable if it is easy for you to agree with it without doubts and reservations. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight your judgments about the acceptability of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. you should not be biased by your own stance on the issue; instead, you should judge from the perspective of the expected target audience of the discussion. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A good argument should be arranged well. this means that the author first presents the issue, then composes arguments, and finally concludes with the opinion supported by the composed arguments. if the arrangement does not follow this order, the argument will be hard to understand. how would you rate the arrangement of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is considered to have an excessive use of emotions if it uses emotions inappropriately or disproportionately with respect to its topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has excessive use of emotions or does not have excessive use of emotions
Given two arguments, decide whether they are attacking each other, supporting each other, or neither.
An argument contains toxic emotions if it includes insulting or threatening statements against other participants. such statements may appear directly (e.g., "you're stupid") or indirectly (e.g., "only stupid people would believe this"). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions or does not contain toxic emotions
An argument is unclear when the premises are ambiguous, vague, or hard to follow. given the following comment and the topic of the debate the comment appeared in. decide whether the comment is unclear or is not unclear.
Determine the stance of the given argumentative text.
An argument is missing premises if it does not explicitly state all the reasons that are necessary for accepting its conclusion. decide whether the given argument lacks premises or does not lack premises
Argumentative reasoning can be thought of as a dialectical exchange between two roles: the proponent (who is presenting and defending the central claim) and the opponent (who is critically challenging the proponents claims). identify which role each statement plays in the given dialogue.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if all the reasons that it gives can be accepted by everyone from the expected target audience. notice that some reasons may be difficult to accept because they make use of implicit assumptions that are not generally shared. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following arguments (argument a and argument b) about the topic “should we have universal healthcare?” decide which of these two arguments is more convincing?
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is (1) argumentative or not, i.e., it is written to convince people; (2) rational or not, i.e., it contains a well-reasoned opinion.
An argument has spelling mistakes if there are typos in the text. decide whether the argument has spelling mistakes or does not have spelling mistakes
Given two arguments a and b that have been presented in a debate on a given topic, determine which of these arguments you find more convincing based on their content.
Given two arguments (a1 and a2), decide which one of them has more convincing reasoning.
Predict the stance of the user towards the issue mentioned in the text.
An argument is missing intelligibility if it contains words that are difficult to understand or uses overly complicated language. it can also be seen as unintelligible when containing sarcasm or irony which may lead readers astray from understanding what was meant by author originally intended to convey through his writing style. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument shows missing intelligibility or not missing intelligibility
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as clear if it presents all premises in a logical order and makes sure that the reader can easily follow what is argued for and why. how would you rate the clarity of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing empathy if the speaker ignores the other side’s feelings, refuses to understand their perspective, or shows little care for them as people. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks empathy or does not lack empathy
Does the given clause belong to an argument? if yes, then what is its role (premise/conclusion) in that argument?
An argument has weak evidence if its premises do not support its conclusion well enough. decide whether the argument has weak evidence or does not have weak evidence
Given a claim and a premise, generate a backing to the premise.
An argument has strong reasoning if it presents logical, well-supported, and persuasive points that effectively support its position. decide whether the argument has strong reasoning or does not have strong reasoning
An argument is straw man if it misrepresents someone else’s position as more extreme or unreasonable than it actually is. is there a problematic straw man at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Predict whether the text represents an argumentative writing from the text of the claim.
Given two arguments (a and b), determine if argument a is more convincing than argument b because it provides facts, support, credible evidence or clear explanation.
An argument has clear meaning if its content is unambiguous and explicit, such that it becomes clear what is being said about the issue. decide whether the argument has clear meaning or does not have clear meaning
An argument is missing tolerance if it displays a lack of acceptance of different beliefs and values. decide whether the argument lacks tolerance or does not lack tolerance
Decide whether the given clause is an attack to another argument.
An argumentation should be seen as convincing if it leads to agreement between the author and his/her target audience, or at least to the willingness of the target audience to agree with the author. notice that this presupposes that the author is serious about what he/she says and that openness toward others’ arguments is present. you should not judge about the actual persuasive effect of the author’s argumentation, but you should decide whether the argumentation makes the target audience willing/unwilling to be convinced by the author (or to agree/disagree with the author) in principle—or neither. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
How would you rate the quality of the author’s argumentation in terms of the clarity of its premises? premises should be seen as clear if they can be easily understood by their target audience. notice that you may see premises as clear even though you do not personally accept all of them. how would you rate the clarity of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the argument valid? yes/no
The enthymeme can be seen as an important element of persuasion since it allows the audience to fill in the missing information themselves, which leads them to feel more involved in the discussion. is there a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Is there an implicit conclusion in the following argument?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it has no reasoning or less reasoning. ``` { "type": "object", "properties": { "args": { "type": "array", "items": [ { "type": "string" }, { "type": "string" } ] }, "id": { "type": "integer" }, "meta": {}, "question": { "type": "string" }, "targets": { "type": "array", "items": { "type": "string" } }, "title": { "type": "string" } } } ```
What is the main point of the following argument? provide a summary in one sentence.
Compare the two versions of the same claim below, version a and version b, and decide which one is better.
An argument conclusion can be said to have premises if its acceptability depends on the truth of some other propositions. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s arguments’ premises on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A rebuttal is a counter-argument that disputes the claims made by an argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, please decide whether or not it contains a rebuttal.
An argument is missing relevance if the stated arguments do not contribute to establishing or defending a stance on the given issue. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argumentation should be seen as globally consistent if none of the stated premises contradicts any other premise or the argumentation’s conclusion. notice that there may be different ways to interpret a premise so that it does not contradict another one; however, only those interpretations count which are reasonable within the context of the discussion. how would you rate the consistency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it is phrased optimally or can be improved by being more specific (suboptimal or optimal).
Determine which of the statements best describes how well thought out the following argument is on a scale from 0 (lowest) to 4 (highest).
An argument is missing commitment when no position regarding the debated topic can be inferred from it. the arguer neither agrees nor disagrees with the topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment.
Argument conclusions are well-organized if they contain premise-related content that is arranged in a logical order, and the transitions between premises are smooth. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of organization?
Given a pair of argumentative discourse units, decide whether they are linked by an attack relation or not
An argument has toxic arguments if they contain false information that cannot be verified (e.g., conspiracy theories), incorrect statistics, misleading claims, and/or strawman fallacies. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic.
A good argument has several characteristics: it is clear, relevant, consistent, sufficient, novel, and convincing. it also lacks excessive intensity and commitment. how would you rate the overall quality of the author's argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argument, predict the stance of the author towards the corresponding big issue.
The author of an argumentation should be seen as well-informed if she/he demonstrates knowledge about the discussed issue that is sufficient to justify her/his claims. how would you rate the level of information in the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative essay encouraging readers to get involved and make a difference.
An argument is missing relevance if the premises are not connected to the conclusion, i.e., they don’t address the topic of the argument. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance.
An argument is missing clarity if it contains ambiguous statements, vague expressions, or unclear wordings such that it remains unclear what exactly is being said about the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argumentation should be seen as well-arranged if it presents the given issue, the composed arguments, and its conclusion in the right order. usually, the general issue and the particularly discussed topics should be
An argument commits circular reasoning fallacy if it takes for granted or assumes the truth of whatever is supposed to be proven. for example: it is wrong to steal because stealing is against the law. and, of course, anything that is against the law is wrong. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits circular reasoning fallacy or does not commit circular reasoning fallacy.
An argument is missing sufficiency if there are important aspects of the issue which have not been discussed in the argument. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
An argument is missing informativeness if it does not contain enough information to support its claim(s) or refute counterarguments. this could be due to lack of explanation, examples, statistics, expert opinions, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks informativeness or does not lack informativeness
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it contains personal attacks, insults, off-topic comments, profanity, vulgarity, obscenity, sexual content, hate speech, threats, violence, harassment, bullying, spam, links to malicious external sites, irrelevant information, low quality contribution, etc.
An argument is poorly structured if its components (claims and premises) are presented in a disorganized way. decide whether the argument is poorly structured or not poorly structured
An argumentation should be seen as logically consistent if there are no obvious contradictions between its arguments, i.e., if none of the arguments conflicts with another one or with the conclusion. in case you identify more than one argument in the comment, try to adequately weight the consistency of each argument when judging about their “aggregate” consistency—unless there are particular arguments that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. you should be open to see an argumentation as consistent even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. how would you rate the logical consistency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has missing commitment if one or more of its components (claims or premises) do not have any support from other components. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
An argument has detrimental punctuation if it contains serious errors in capitalization, hyphenation, apostrophe use, comma splices, run-on sentences, missing periods, etc., negatively affecting its readability. decide whether the argument has detrimental punctuation or does not have detrimental punctuation
An argument is logically deceptive if it contains logical fallacies, i.e., if there are deceptive tricks that violate rules of logic. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
Identify the premise(s) and conclusion(s) in the given text. the output should be in the format "premise: <premise>" or "conclusion: <conclusion>"
Argument relevance is the degree to which an argument relates to or supports a claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument is relevant (yes) or irrelevant (no).
Identify whether the given argumentative text is based on personal experience.
Is the following statement a claim?
An argument is missing relevance if it discusses points that are unrelated to the topic under discussion. please judge about relevance according to whether the entire argumentation is related to the given topic. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument has detrimental orthography if it is inappropriate because of bad grammar, spelling mistakes, incomprehensible wording etc. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography
The data consists of 1,000 comments by 1,000 users from reddit.com/r/changemyview. each comment has been annotated by five different raters according to the seven point scheme: -7 = strongly disagree; -6 = moderately disagree; -5 = slightly disagree; 0 = neither agree nor disagree; +5 = slightly agree; +6 = moderately agree; +7 = strongly agree. for each comment, we provide the average score over all five ratings. decide which one of the statements is true for this example: the comment... ...explicitly attacks the argument. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks the argument. ...makes no use of the argument. ...vaguely/implicitly supports the argument. ...explicitly supports the argument.
An argument lacks reasoning if it does not provide sufficient logical support for its claims or if its logic is flawed or illogical. decide whether the argument lacks reasoning or does not lack reasoning
An argumentation should be seen as clear if it makes the given issue, the composed arguments, and its conclusion comprehensible. notice that an author may still be unclear on purpose in order to achieve persuasion. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
How would you rate the author's reasoning skills on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)? the key question to answer is: does the author provide reasonable explanations for his/her statements?
Given two claims, determine which of them is less convincing.
Given two arguments that contain similar content but have different linguistic realizations, decide whether they convey the same information.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each single argument is sufficiently supported by its premises. that is, each premise provides support for the respective claim. this holds even if there are additional claims that do not seem to be sufficiently supported. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has poor vocabulary if it uses words that are too simple, complex, or inappropriate for the intended audience or purpose. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has poor vocabulary or does not have poor vocabulary
Identify the emotion conveyed by the author of the following argument (if any) on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)
What kind of attack relation exists from elementary unit x to proposition y in the same argument? differentiate between rebuttal, undercutter and no attack relation. attack relations are also two prevalent ways in which propositions are attacked in practical argumentation: rebuttal and undercutter. the former can only attack objective propositions, whereas the latter can attack either objective or subjective propositions. that is, you cannot rebut a subjective proposition by providing another subjective proposition. rebuttal: for an elementary unit x to be a rebuttal for a proposition y, it must provide evidence that y is false. for example, “i have had mine for 3 years now”(x) and “the product arrived damage[d],”(y). undercutter: for an elementary unit x to be an undercutter for a proposition y, it must provide a reason why y should not hold. for example, “this is just one person’s opinion.”(x) and “it was very comfortable and i would recommend this product.”(y).
An argument is relevant to its topic if it addresses the issue at hand and provides support for one side of the debate. given an argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is relevant to its topic or not relevant to its topic.
An argument is detrimental if it contains offensive language, such as swear words, derogatory terms, insults, etc., or contains hate speech towards a specific group. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is detrimental or is not detrimental
An argumentation should be seen as successful in creating a sense of urgency if it conveys arguments and other information in a way that makes the reader feel like there is an urgent need to act upon the discussed issue. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds, i.e., if the conveyed arguments and information make the reader think that there is no or only little need to act. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in creating a sense of urgency on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing well-reasoned justification if it does not provide any supporting reasons/evidence or explanations. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks well-reasoned justification or does not lack well-reasoned justification
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the given premises support the conclusion in a way that is suitable for the discussed issue within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue). in your view, the structure of the argumentation should appear suitable for the discussed issue. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because its reasoning is bad, has logical flaws, jumps from one idea to another without explaining why, makes a wrong assumption, is too general, vague, unclear.
Given two arguments (a and b) on the same topic, decide which one is more convincing in terms of its content quality.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as fluent if it reads smoothly and naturally like a coherent whole. it should not appear disjointed or inconsistent, but instead flow well from sentence to sentence and paragraph to paragraph. how would you rate the fluency of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The task requires identifying the fallacies contained in the given text.
Given an argumentative claim, select one of its premises that should be revised when revising the claim.
Given two arguments a and b, decide which one is more novel (i.e., has a higher novelty score).
An argument is false dichotomy fallacy if it reduces a complex issue to two mutually exclusive extremes. for example: either we give up some civil liberties or let terrorists run free. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits false dichotomy fallacy or does not commit false dichotomy fallacy.
An argument is timely if it responds to current events. decide whether the argument is timely or not timely.
An argument has insufficient premises if there are not enough reasons for the conclusion to be true. decide whether the argument lacks sufficient premises or does not lack sufficient premises
What kind of attack relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between undercut and rebuttal. attack relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions can be attacked in practical argumentation: rebuttal and undercut. the former attacks an objective or subjective proposition by providing evidence that it is false (or not true), whereas the latter attacks a support relationship by showing that there is no good reason to believe that the conclusion follows from its premise(s). for example, “the only issue i have is that the volume starts to degrade a little bit after about six“and i find i have to buy a new pair every year or so.”(x) and “i think these headphones are worth the price”(y).
An argument is missing clarity if it does not clearly express its position on the topic of discussion. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argument is convincing if it is able to change someone’s mind by presenting new information or a new perspective on an issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is convincing or is not convincing.
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as clear if it makes explicit which parts of the text express premises, conclusions and rebuttals. it should also make clear how the different elements relate to each other logically. how would you rate the clarity of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argument and a counterclaim, determine whether they are on the same side or not.
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if it relates to the previous comment in a meaningful way, i.e., if it either agrees with the previous comment by adding further support, disagrees with the previous comment by providing counter-arguments, or asks questions about the previous comment that lead to clarification. if the argumentation does not relate to the previous comment in any of these ways but rather starts a new topic, then it is not locally relevant. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing conciseness if it is overly long and wordy. decide whether the argument lacks conciseness or does not lack conciseness
Find all clauses expressing reasons in the given argument.
An argument is missing knowledge if it does not provide enough information to understand its meaning or make a judgment on its validity. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks knowledge or does not lack knowledge
Distinguish between persuasive and non-persuasive comments in online discussion forums. persuasion means "the act of persuading" or "a forceful action used to influence people". we define a comment as persuasive if the author intends to convince us clearly about his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic.
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if its premises are believable in themselves. note that this does not mean that all premises have to be true, but only that they can be accepted for the sake of argumentation. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the type of reasoning behind each sentence in the given paragraph
An argument is lacking novelty if there is nothing new being said about the issue discussed within the debate. decide whether the argument lacks novelty or does not lack novelty
Identify the stance (for/against) of the author of the following argument towards the given topic.
An argument is intelligible if it communicates clearly without being too complex or jargon-filled. it should also avoid using overly technical terms unless necessary for clarity purposes. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is intelligible or is not intelligible
Given two arguments on a topic, determine their stance towards the issue at hand.
Find the most effective way to refute an argument.
The fallacy of ad hominem consists in attacking the person presenting an argument rather than the argument itself. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains
An argument is missing intelligibility if it contains language that is difficult to understand, making it hard for the reader to follow the argument's logic. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility.
The intelligibility of an argumentation should be seen as high if the used language supports clarity and understandability. this means that the chosen words and sentences should make it easy for readers to comprehend the expressed arguments and their relations. in your view, notice that some ambiguity may still occur even though the argumentation is well-arranged. how would you rate the intelligibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b), select the one that is more persuasive.
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if it adequately contributes to the resolution of the given issue. notice that an argumentation may, in your view, contribute to resolving the issue by providing a partial solution or a compromise rather than an all-inclusive solution. please judge about global relevance according to whether you see how the author’s argumentation is contributing to resolving the issue. how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is an ad hominem attack if it criticizes a person rather than addressing their claims or ideas. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument is an ad hominem attack or not an ad hominem attack
Is the argument humorous and funny?
Given the following arguments (argument a and argument b) from a debate on topic x, which one is more likely to be considered as a troll?
Given two arguments a and b, we want to know: is argument a more convincing than argument b?
An argument is lacking support if it fails to back up its claims with evidence or examples. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks support or has sufficient support
You are given two arguments a and b about a topic. your task is to select the argument which you think is more convincing.
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if it addresses the issue that is discussed and does not shift towards other issues or uses any fallacies such as ad hominem attacks. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following two argumentative discourse units (adus) and their relations, determine if there is any other possible relation between them.
Given the following comment-argument pair, decide whether the comment... ...is not related to the argument. ...partially addresses the argument. ...fully addresses the argument.
Given the following two adus, decide whether there exists any argumentative relation between them.
Toxic emotions refer to negative feelings expressed in an argument, such as anger, hatred, disgust, etc., which can make the argument difficult to read or understand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
Is the following statement true or false? an argument consists of 1 sentence
An argument is fallacious when one or more of its premises are false or when there is a flaw in the reasoning from the given premises to the conclusion. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the acceptability of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. is the author’s argument fallacious?
An argument is non-sense if its claims are not meaningful. decide whether the argument has non-sense claims or does not have non-sense claims
Classify the given comment as being either relevant or off-topic regarding the discussed topic. the key question to answer is: is the author’s attitude or opinion towards the topic clear?
Given a pair of argument clauses coming from different documents, predict if they have the same stance with respect to some topic.
Does the given argument match the given key point?
Determine whether the given argument is missing intelligibility or not. missing intelligibility refers to arguments that contain severe grammatical errors or use a language that is not understandable to the general public. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
The overall strength of an argument depends on the strength of all the reasons used to support the main claim. it also depends on the strength of the connection between the reasons and the main claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument is strong or not.
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if each single argument is stated in an adequate way with respect to the expected target audience, e.g., does not contain irrelevant information, exaggerations, etc. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments on the same topic, determine which one is less well-reasoned.
An argument is unfocused if it does not focus on one single issue, but instead discusses multiple issues at once. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is focused or unfocused
Determine whether the argument is well-reasoned or not (well-reasoned/not well-reasoned). the key question to answer is: does the author provide a reason for his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic?
An argument commits bandwagon fallacy if it appeals to popularity or the fact that many people do something as a justification for doing it. for example: everyone eats meat these days, so there can’t be anything wrong with it. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits bandwagon fallacy or does not commit bandwagon fallacy
An argument should be seen as convincing if it is able to convince you, that is, if it makes you more inclined to agree with the author’s conclusion. how would you rate the convincingness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic and two conflicting beliefs, generate an argumentative claim that reconciles the conflict between them.
Identify the stance of the comment towards the discussed topic: supporting, opposing or neutral.
An argument is missing clarity if its structure is not clear enough for other participants in the debate to understand what it says. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if all its premises are adequate for supporting the conclusion. notice that it is not generally clear what counts as an adequate premise. in particular, there may be cases where the truth of a premise cannot be decided without further evidence. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether all main premises of an argumentation that you see are true. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has high authority bias if its author overuses his/her own authority and/or underestimates the audience's ability to understand the topic without relying on authorities. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has high authority bias or does not have high authority bias
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether this argument uses abusive language towards another user (e.g., insults, slurs).
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains an instance of “false cause” fallacy. false cause fallacies involve drawing a causal link between two events where no such link exists. for example: "the number of pirates has decreased over time while the number of global warming incidents has increased; thus, global warming is caused by lack of pirates."
An argumentation should be seen as logically sound if there is no inconsistency among its statements, i.e., no contradiction between any two of them. this means that the truth of any statement cannot be denied while accepting the truth of the others. how would you rate the logical soundness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic and a set of premises, generate a rebuttal that refutes the premises.
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative claim that reflects the author's personal opinion.
Given an argument, decide whether it has language issues, bad grammar, uses humor, jokes or sarcasm or not.
An argument is an appeal to emotion if it attempts to manipulate someone’s emotions in order to get them to accept a claim as true. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is an appeal to emotion or not an appeal to emotion
Extract the stance of the author on the given issue.
An argument is lacking proper structure if it fails to coherently organize ideas in order to convey the main message. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks proper structure or does not lack proper structure
The quality of reasoning of an argument can be seen as strong if the premises provide good support for the conclusions. in order to judge the strength of the reasoning, you need to focus on the relationship between the premises and the conclusions rather than only looking at the plausibility of the premises. you also need to take into account the degree to which the premises are sufficient for drawing the conclusions. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight the strength of the reasoning for each conclusion when judging about its “aggregate” strength—unless there are particular premises or conclusions that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. notice that you may see the reasoning as strong even though you do not personally accept all of the premises. how would you rate the strength of the reasoning of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if the author does not seem to believe in their own argument. this includes self-contradiction, non-committal hedging phrases such as "i think", "maybe" etc., and lack of supporting evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument is a fallacious appeal to emotion if it appeals to emotions in order to distract from the issue at hand. for example: “you should vote for candidate x because she has such an inspiring story of how her family immigrated here and worked hard to make ends meet.” given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a fallacious appeal to emotion or not.
An argument is well-reasoned if its premises are adequately linked to the claim. given the following argument, decide whether the argument has adequate reasoning or lacks adequate reasoning
Given the following two adus, determine whether they are connected by any rhetorical relation (e.g., elaboration or contrast).
In the context of the debate, the audience will have some prior beliefs about the topic under discussion. to what extent do you think that the author's argumentation changes these prior beliefs? how would you rate the effect of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify all sentences in the following argumentative text that represent claims.
Given a wikipedia page review, generate an argumentative claim that evaluates the neutrality,
An argument is missing respect if it shows a lack of consideration for the feelings, wishes, rights, or traditions of others. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
An argument has sufficient evidence if its evidence supports its claims adequately. decide whether the argument has sufficient evidence or insufficient evidence.
Given the following argument, determine if the argument is logical or illogical.
The goal of this task is to identify whether an argument is fallacious because it attacks the person making the argument rather than the argument itself. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a personal attack or not.
Determine if the following statement is true or false: argument b is less convincing because it is unclear, or hard to follow.
An argument is missing intelligibility if it contains unintelligible words, sentences or phrases. missing intelligibility also applies when a sentence can only be understood in context with other arguments which are not available at the time of annotation. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing intelligibility or not
Argumentative discourse units are the fundamental components of an argument. segment the following review into its elementary argumentative units.
An argument commits false cause fallacy if it assumes that correlation implies causation. for example: i noticed that all kids who commit crimes drink milk. thus, drinking milk leads to criminal conduct. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits false cause fallacy or does not commit false cause fallacy
An argument commits a genetic fallacy if it rejects a claim by attacking its source. for example: “that theory was proposed by a drug addict!” given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits genetic fallacy or does not commit
Given the following argument, generate a rebuttal to this argument.
An argument is straw man fallacy if it presents a distorted version of the opposing view that is easier to attack than the real thing. for example: my opponent says that all rapists should be castrated. but surely he doesn’t mean this literally! therefore, his proposal is too extreme to consider. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits straw man fallacy or does not commit straw man fallacy.
A tu quoque fallacy deflects criticism by pointing out flaws in the critic's behavior or beliefs, rather than addressing the substance of the criticism. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a tu quoque fallacy or not a tu quoque fallacy
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it provides enough reasons and/or evidences to support each of its claims. notice that it is not generally clear what counts as ‘enough’. in some cases it may be infeasible to give more than one supporting reason or evidence. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether each claim has at least one supporting reason or evidence. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A toxic emotion is any emotion that causes pain or harm to another person (e.g., anger, hate, jealousy). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument appeals to toxic emotions or does not appeal to toxic emotions
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it relies heavily on emotional appeals instead of logic and reason when trying to persuade readers whereas argument b avoids this tactic altogether.
Given a pair of arguments, identify whether they are on the same side (i.e., both in favor of the topic or both against it) or not.
An argument is missing credibility if the author fails to provide sources for his claims, makes false claims about other people’s opinions or does not have enough experience in the discussed topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
Argument conclusions are well-reasoned when they contain reasoning that supports the conclusion with strong backing and warrants. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of well-reasonedness?
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if it does not contain any statements that are unacceptable within the discussion of the given issue, e.g., because they are offensive or disrespectful to a person or group of people. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Read the following two claims about the same topic. which one do you think is better? claim 1 or claim 2?
Identify the stance expressed in the given text towards the target entity (pro or con).
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if it is well-phrased and coherent, i.e., all its components fit together well. in other words, local acceptability refers to how well-structured and understandable an argumentation is, regardless of whether its content persuades you of the author’s stance. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments, decide if they have different premises/conclusions or not.
Read the following two arguments a and b, and answer the following questions.
An argument is missing politeness if it violates social expectations regarding how people express themselves in certain situations. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks politeness or does not lack politeness
An argument is missing a claim if it does not contain a clear thesis or conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks claim or does not lack claim
Given a controversial topic, generate a discussion thread about a given argumentative claim.
A black-and-white fallacy presents two options as mutually exclusive, ignoring the possibility of intermediate positions or alternatives. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a black-and-white fallacy or not a black-and-white fallacy
What are the premises and conclusions in the given text?
Given a topic and two arguments for/against it, decide whether they are relevant to the topic.
Is the following claim logically sound?
An argument can be classified as detrimental orthography if it contains misspellings, grammatical errors, punctuation mistakes, typos, incorrect capitalization, inconsistent use of abbreviations, non-standard word forms (e.g., "ur" for "your"), improper use of symbols (e.g., using "$" instead of "s"), unnecessary repetition of words or phrases, excessive use of exclamation points (!!!), question marks (?!) or ellipses (...). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or not.
Identify the most relevant reasons for the given claim.
Given two arguments a and b, which one demonstrates greater understanding of the subject matter?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a is more convincing because it has weaker conclusion, claim, position, standpoint, thesis, assertion, hypothesis, proposition or assumption. come up with a series of computational argumentation tasks:
An argument is concise if it gets to the point quickly and avoids unnecessary details. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether
An argument is missing sufficient grounds if there are no reasons given for the conclusion, the evidence provided is insufficient to support the conclusion, or the premises contradict each other. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sufficient grounds or does not lack sufficient grounds.
A premise of an argument should be seen as relevant for its conclusion if it directly contributes to establishing this conclusion. notice, however, that sometimes premises may be indirectly related to the conclusion, e.g., by supporting other premises that eventually contribute to the conclusion. this is also fine. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the relevance of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” relevance—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the relevance of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The following argumentative discourse units are taken from a larger argument. would you agree with the following statement?the second argument is less convincing because it contains an ad hominem fallacy.
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if it is easy to identify the issue, the arguments, and the conclusion. the presented arguments should clearly support or attack the given issue and/or its subtopics. besides, notice that some parts may be clear (e.g., the issue) and thus left implicit. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation is missing intelligibility if it does not convey its message clearly enough so that recipients can easily grasp what exactly is meant. this may happen due to lack of structure, vagueness, ambiguity, overcomplexity etc.. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
An argument is anecdotal evidence if it uses personal stories or experiences as proof of a larger trend. is there a problematic anecdotal evidence at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Consider the following argument: is the premise of this argument relevant to its conclusion?
An argument is said to have excessive intensity if its tone is too emotional compared to the topic being discussed. evaluate whether the following argument has excessive intensity or does not have excessive intensity
Given a pair of arguments (argument a and argument b), decide whether the two are contradictory or not.
Identify which one of the given sentences are premises in the given argumentative text.
An argument is missing commitment if it does not contain any proposition which could serve as a basis for agreement or disagreement. this includes statements such as “i don’t know”, “you have to find out yourself” or “whatever”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment.
An argument is fair if both sides have equal opportunities to present their views. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is fair or is unfair.
An argumentation should be seen as clear if it is easy to understand the author’s stance on the discussed issue and his or her arguments supporting this stance. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about what the author wants to say, then do not judge him or her to be unclear—unless you explicitly think that the arguments are difficult to understand. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The author exaggerates the consequences of taking action versus doing nothing (exaggerated risk aversion).given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains exaggerated risk aversion or does not contain exaggerated risk aversion
An argument is special pleading if it applies different standards to different groups or situations. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has special pleading or does not have special pleading.
An argument has anecdotal evidence if it uses a single instance or story to justify its claim. decide whether the argument has anecdotal evidence or does not have anecdotal evidence
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if they are true (or can reasonably be assumed to be true). notice that acceptability does not presuppose sufficiency: even though one may see some premise(s) as false, the remaining ones may still provide enough support for drawing the conclusion—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is irrelevant if its meaning does not relate to the central claim or to the main topic of the discussion. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Given the following two arguments, decide whether they share the same stance towards the discussed issue.
Argument conclusions are relevant if they address the given question, meaning that the premises and conclusion are related. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of relevancy?
An argument has false assumptions if its claims rely on incorrect facts or beliefs, which may lead readers astray. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has false assumptions or does not have false assumptions
An argument conclusion is considered well-arranged when all parts are presented in the right order. this means that the general issue and particularly discussed topics should be clear before arguing and concluding about them. however, some parts may be left implicit if they are already known within the context. how would you rate the arrangement of the author's argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average), or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as globally coherent if it contains information and/or arguments that coherently relate to each other within the overall structure of the argumentation. in particular, this means that there are few contradictions among the provided information and/or arguments. you should be open to see an argumentation as coherent even if it does not match your stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided information and/or arguments make sense together. how would you rate the global coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Rate the relevance of each premise to the conclusion on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
Which argument provides better evidence for its claim? an argument’s premises are considered to provide good evidence if they support the conclusion well, i.e., a logical inference links the premise to the conclusion
An argument has insufficient reasoning if there are other premises that should be included to make the conclusion follow from the premises. decide whether the argument has insufficient reasoning or does not have insufficient reasoning
Identify premises in a text
An argument has confusing language if its components are written in such a way that they are difficult to understand. decide whether the argument has confusing language or does not have confusing language
Given the two arguments below, decide whether argument b is more convincing than a because it appeals to values shared by the target audience.
An argumentation should be seen as having a clear language if it conveys what the author wants to say without using unnecessarily complicated words or phrases. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s language on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as globally valid if it does not contain obvious logical errors or inconsistencies. notice that this may include also cases where the argumentation itself is correct but some premise(s) used therein are false. please judge about global validity according to whether there exist no obvious logical mistakes or contradictions in the presented line of reasoning. how would you rate the global validity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument can be seen as coherent if it follows some logical order or structure (e.g., from general to specific). how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as coherent if its individual parts “fit together” well, i.e., if there are no contradictions among them and if they form a logical chain of thought. how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is fallacious if it violates the rules of logical reasoning, e.g., by drawing conclusions that are not supported by its premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has fallacy or does not have fallacy
An argument has faulty reasoning if its components (claims and premises) do not connect logically in a way that leads from the premises to the conclusion. decide whether the argument has faulty reasoning or does not have faulty reasoning
An argument is detrimental rhetoric if it has serious rhetorical errors, negatively affecting its readability. decide whether the argument has detrimental rhetoric or does not have detrimental rhetoric
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it considers the given issue from all relevant perspectives and takes into account all available arguments and counterarguments. try to weight your judgments about global balance and global fairness equally when judging about acceptability—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is deceptive when the author tries to deceive the audience by using fallacies of reasoning, presenting evidence that is not true, or distorting facts in order to win the discussion. decide whether the argument is deceptive or not deceptive
A successful argumentation should be seen as providing new arguments that have not been mentioned before in the discussion. it should be seen as unsuccessful if rather the opposite holds. notice that you should not judge about the persuasive effect of the author’s argumentation, but you should decide whether the argumentation provides new arguments—or not. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in providing new arguments on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Determine whether the following claim contains an argument.
An argument is a fallacy of ad hominem if it attacks the person who makes an assertion instead of attacking the assertion itself. would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it is attacking, abusive or disrespectful.
Argument conclusions are well-structured when they follow from the premise and the conclusion sentence has good grammar and style (e.g., no typos). given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of structure?
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if it discusses issues that are related to the topic under debate. notice that some issues may be only indirectly connected but still worth discussing due to their importance or impact on the overall discussion. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is considered to have “clear reasoning” if the reasoning in the argument can be easily understood and followed. the claims and premises should be logically connected, with a clear relationship between them. decide whether the argument has clear reasoning or does not have clear reasoning
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the presented content is well-structured and follows a logical order. this includes whether there are clear transitions between different parts of the argumentation and how they relate to each other. it does not include your personal opinion about the correctness or quality of the content. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Inappropriate means that the argument contains severe orthographic errors, uses toxic emotions, lacks commitment, is unclear or unintelligible, or for other reasons. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is inappropriate due to toxic emotions or not inappropriate due to toxic emotions
Extract the argumentative component (premise, claim or neither) from the given sentence.
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate an argumentative claim that is likely to be perceived as credible by people who hold those beliefs.
Is the second argument a refutation of the first one?
An argument should be seen as intelligible if you understand what it means and how it supports its claim. this includes both the comprehensibility of the linguistic expression and the plausibility of the logical connection between the premises and the claim. how would you rate the intelligibility of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Distinguish whether the comment is argumentative regarding the discussed topic or not (not argumentative). the key question to answer is: is there any indication that the author intends to argue for or against something?
A good argument should take into account alternative viewpoints. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument takes into account alternative viewpoints or does not take into account alternative viewpoints.
A sufficient level of comprehensiveness should be reached when all relevant aspects of an issue are covered, i.e., when you do not miss any information that would be needed to make a decision on the given issue. how would you rate the comprehensiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Does the given argument contain toxic emotions?
Argument relevance refers to how relevant the essay's claims are to its thesis. score the argument relevance of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not make an argument for its thesis or it makes an argument for something else entirely) 1.5 2.0 (essay makes a weak argument for its thesis or sometimes even argues against it)
Given an objection to an argument
Rate the persuasiveness of the following argument on a scale from 0 (not at all persuasive) to 5 (very persuasive).
An argument is missing relevance if it fails to address the topic at hand and/or provides information that is not relevant to the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it is self-contained and provides enough information to understand its intended meaning. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether you can understand what the author wants to say with his/her argumentation. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Decide whether the following statement is correct:argument b is less convincing because it uses weak evidence.
An argument can be seen as well-reasoned if its premises seem connected logically with each other and with the conclusion. decide whether the argument is well-reasoned or not well-reasoned?
Decide whether you would agree with the following statement:argument b is less convincing because it is biased towards one side of the debate.
An argument is missing key component if any of its components (premises, conclusion) are not explicitly stated, but can be inferred from context. decide whether the argument lacks key component or does not lack key component
Argument conclusions are well-organized if they have a clear structure that makes it easy for readers to follow the logic of the argument. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of organization?
Decide whether you agree with the following statement: argument a is less convincing because it contains more typos than argument b.
Given the following argument, determine which of these statements is true: the argument... ...explicitly attacks or supports a religious belief. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks or supports a religious belief. ...makes no use of a religious belief. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks or supports a political ideology. ...explicitly attacks or supports a political ideology.
You are given a stance towards a question, type of reasoning (logos vs. pathos) and argument for that stance based on the given type of reasoning. your task is to edit the given argument so that it becomes more persuasive while still supporting the same stance and using the same type of reasoning.
Given two arguments on a topic, determine whether the second argument rebuts the first argument.
Given a set of elementary units, generate a text that argues for or against the given topic using the given elementary units.
An argument has unsupported meaning if its content contains propositions that are not supported by any evidence (e.g., personal opinions). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has unsupported meaning or does not have unsupported meaning
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate an argumentative claim tailored to the beliefs that uses rhetorical devices such as metaphors, analogies, and examples to make it more persuasive.
The first argument below (argument a) can be considered more convincing than the second one (argument b). which of the following statements best describes why argument a is more convincing?
Does the given argument have any hidden assumptions?
Given a central claim and two adus (adu 1 and adu 2), determine which one is more relevant to the central claim (adu 1 or adu 2).
An argument is missing clarity if it contains a lot of typos, grammatical errors, and/or the meaning of sentences or words are unclear. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity.
You are given a question, stance (yes vs. no), type of reasoning (logos vs. pathos) and an argument toward the question that supports the given stance based on the following type of reasoning. your task is to rewrite this argument such that it becomes more persuasive.
Given the following two arguments, decide whether they are in conflict with each other (conflict or no conflict).
An argument is missing context if important information is missing from the argument so that it cannot be fully understood without further knowledge about the background of the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks context or does not lack context
An argument has off-topic drift if its content shifts away from the issue under discussion towards unrelated topics, irrelevant aspects of the issue, or personal matters. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has off-topic drift or does not have off-topic drift
An argument is well-grounded if its premises are true or plausible. decide whether the argument is well-grounded or not well-grounded
A rebuttal against an argument attacks the validity of the argument by showing how the conclusion can be false even if the premises are true. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument b is less convincing because it contains a fallacy or commits some other reasoning error
Which of these two versions of the same claim is better?
An argument is missing truthfulness if its author intentionally misleads the reader by making false claims or by omitting important information that would change the meaning of the text. decide whether the argument lacks truthfulness or does not lack truthfulness
Identify the type of reasoning used in the given argument: deductive, inductive or abductive
An argumentation should be seen as successful in conveying relevant arguments if it contains arguments that are well-suited to support the author’s position. it should be seen as not successful if it contains irrelevant arguments or no arguments at all. notice that you should not judge about the persuasive effect of the author’s argumentation, but you should decide whether the argumentation contains suitable arguments for supporting the author’s position. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in conveying relevant arguments on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments, decide whether they are a paraphrase of each other.
An argumentation should be seen as well-written if it has few grammatical errors and uses appropriate wording and formulations. it should be seen as poorly written if there are many grammatical errors or inappropriate wordings/formulations. how would you rate the quality of the author’s writing on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the stance of the following sentence towards the given target entity.
Consider the following argument. would you agree with the following statement? the conclusion is supported by a sufficient number of premises.
An argument is incomplete if it does not provide sufficient support for its conclusion. decide whether the argument has missing premises or does not have missing premises
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is intelligible or not. intelligibility refers to arguments that cannot be understood due to bad writing style or lack of context.
Given the following two arguments and their topic of discussion. decide whether argument a is more convincing than argument b
Given two arguments that attack each other, determine which one is stronger (argument 1 or argument 2).
Consider the following two arguments: argument a and argument b. which of the following statements best describes your view?
A premise can be seen as acceptable if it provides support for the conclusion without containing any flaws that would make it unreasonable to accept. notice that you may see a premise as acceptable even though you do not personally accept it; i.e., acceptability does not presuppose personal acceptance. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s premises on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing fairness if it misrepresents an opposing view by distorting it or ignoring important aspects of it. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it uses vague language, exaggerates, overstates, under-states, omits important information, lacks details, goes too general, doesn't go deep enough, has gaps, contradictions or inconsistencies, contains non-sequiturs or circular reasoning.
Determine if the given sentence belongs to an argument.
Given two arguments a and b about a topic t, decide whether a supports or attacks b.
An argument is illogical if it contains flawed reasoning or contradictions that make it difficult to follow or accept. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is illogical or not illogical
An argument is weak if it relies on unsupported claims, lacks evidence, or fails to address counterarguments effectively. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is weak or strong
The content of an argumentation should be seen as sufficient if the provided arguments and information appear adequate for supporting the author’s stance on the issue. in particular, you should take into account how much the author elaborates on his/her own arguments and how well he/she addresses counterarguments. how would you rate the sufficiency of the content of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument a is less convincing because it is non-sense, has no logical sense or is confusing.
An argument lacks commitment if there is no clear claim that indicates the author’s position on the issue discussed in the debate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument is dialectically deceptive if it employs tactics that undermine the rules of fair dialogue for winning, losing, or ending the discussion. decide whether the argument is dialectically deceptive or not dialectically deceptive
Distinguish, whether the comment is objective regarding the discussed topic or not (not objective). the key question to answer is: does the author clearly provide arguments and/or facts in order to support his/her point of view?
An argument has poor organization if it lacks structure, coherence, or clarity in presenting its points. decide whether the argument has poor organization or does not have poor organization
Given the following two argumentative discourse units, determine whether the second one is a premise or conclusion of an argument.
Given an argument and a topic, classify the argument as “supporting” if it supports the given topic, “opposing” if it opposes the given topic, or “neutral” if it does not take a clear stance on the topic.
An argument is clear if it is easy to follow and understand. a clear argument will typically contain all of the necessary elements needed to make a convincing case, including well-defined premises, logical reasoning, and strong supporting evidence.given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is clear or is not clear.
An argumentative unit is a claim that is either supported by evidence or supports some other claim in an argumentative text. segment the following review into its elementary argumentative units. elementary argumentative units are the fundamental components of an argument.
An argument is missing specificity if it is either too general to be relevant for the discussion at hand or does not contribute meaningfully to the discussion. decide whether the argument lacks specificity or does not lack specificity
The given argumentation is not successful in making an emotional appeal if it does not convey arguments and other information in a way that creates emotions, which make the target audience more open to the author’s arguments. rather, it conveys its arguments and other information in a way that makes the target audience unwilling to be persuaded by the author (or to agree with the author). you should rate the success of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
The fallacy of appeal to authority consists in defending ones position by appealing to the judgment of someone who is supposed to be an expert in the field. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains
Identify the type of claim in the given text: fact, opinion or value judgement.
Distinguish, whether the comment contains personal attacks or not (not personal attacks). the key question to answer is: does the author attack other people in this comment?
The author stays focused on the main idea throughout the entire essay. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument stays focused on main idea or does not stay focused on main idea.
What kind of attack relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x to a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between undercutter and rebuttal. an attack can be either a rebuttal (if the attacked proposition is subjective) or an undercutter (if the attacked proposition is objective). for example: “the only issue i have is that the volume starts to degrade a little bit after about six“and i find i have to buy a new pair every year or so.”(x) and “i think they're great.”(y).
Given two claims a and b, decide which one is more convincing and explain why.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it does not contain any unacceptable premises, i.e., no premises that would not be accepted by anyone from the expected target audience. notice that this criterion is different from global sufficiency in that acceptability refers to the quality of individual premises while sufficiency relates to how well the author’s argumentation rebuts anticipated counter-arguments to its conclusion. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has missing commitment if it fails to clearly express the position of the author towards the claim (e.g. “i don’t know”, “it depends”). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
Argument conclusions are accurate when they accurately reflect reality and do not make false claims. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of accuracy?
Argument conclusions are supported by premises when they are justified based on premise-related content and/or combination of the content in the premises. is the conclusion supported by the premise?
An argument should be seen as globally sufficient if it provides enough reasons to accept the conclusion in light of possible counterarguments, objections, alternative views, etc. that is, you should ask yourself whether the author’s argument is strong enough to convince a reasonable person who might disagree with the author. this means that the author’s argument should address at least some relevant counterarguments, objections, alternative views, etc. as before, if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weight the global sufficiency of each argument when judging about their “aggregate” global sufficiency—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the global sufficiency of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as globally open if it displays an openness to consider arguments with opposing viewpoints and assesses the arguments on their merits rather than simply rejecting them out of hand. how would you rate the global openness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing respect if it fails to consider the other person’s point of view, displays an unwillingness to see things from their perspective. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
Argument conclusions are adequate when they contain all relevant content from the premises but no irrelevant content and/or do not combine the content in the premises in any way other than what is stated in the premises. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of adequacy?
An argument is missing proper reasoning if it lacks clear logic or evidence to support its claims. decide whether the argument lacks proper reasoning or does not lack proper reasoning
Is the given argument an ad hominem?
An argument is appropriate when it meets certain criteria for being a good argument. these criteria can vary depending on the context, but generally speaking, an argument is appropriate if it is well-reasoned and supported by evidence. it should also be respectful of other people's opinions and avoid using logical fallacies. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is appropriate or inappropriate.
An argument is not understandable if its language is difficult for humans to understand. this includes using complicated words or phrases, making excessive use of technical terms, or being verbose. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks understandability or does not lack understandability
Is the following statement true for the given argument?
Select the correct warrant from the list of warrants which explains the reasoning of the given argument. there are only three options given and only one answer is correct.
Generate an argumentative opinion tailored to the beliefs expressed in the input text.
Given an argument and its topic, decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
The fallacy of circular reasoning occurs when the conclusion of an argument is implicitly or explicitly stated in one of the premises of the argument, assuming the very thing they set out to prove. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains circular reasoning or does not contain circular reasoning.
An argument lacks common sense if it contradicts basic assumptions shared by most people. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks common sense or does not lack common sense
Given a sentence and an argument, classify the sentence as “supporting” or “opposing” if it supports or opposes the argument. if it does not support or oppose the argument, classify it as “non-argument”.
An argumentation should be seen as successful in creating credibility if it conveys arguments and other information in a way that makes the target audience believe that the author is trustworthy, competent or reliable—or at least does not convey them in a way that makes the target audience believe that he or she is untrustworthy, incompetent or unreliable. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in creating credibility on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as coherent if there are no contradictions, inconsistencies, and gaps in the line of reasoning, such that the presented premises support the conclusion(s). how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are nonredundant when they do not repeat information already present in the premises. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of redundancy?
An argument is intelligible if its meaning is clear and relevant to the topic, and if its reasoning is understandable. it is unintelligible if its meaning is unclear or irrelevant, or if its reasoning is not understandable. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is intelligible or is unintelligible
A toxic emotion is present if the author expresses negative emotions towards other authors or their arguments (e.g., insults, mockery) instead of addressing the actual content of the argument (i.e., the reasons). it can also include threats made against individuals rather than addressing their actual arguments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions or does not contain toxic emotions
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if each individual argument has individually relevant premises. notice that it is not generally clear what “individually relevant” means for a particular premise. there may be cases where a premise is not strictly relevant to its conclusion but still contributes to the overall plausibility of the conclusion. please judge about local relevance according to whether you can identify any irrelevant premise. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An enthymeme is defined here as any missing argumentative discourse unit (adu) that would complete the logic of a written argument. decide whether the given adu completes the logic of the argument in which it appears.
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if it responds to specific previous posts in a way that helps to resolve the discussed issue. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument relevance is how relevant the premises are to the claim. given the arguments below: is argument a better than argument b in terms of relevance?
Given a topic and a stance (for or against), generate an argumentative claim.
An argument is non-sequitur if it lacks evidence, support, or reasoning for the claims made. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is non-sequitur or not non-sequitur
The argumentation should be seen as well-reasoned if its statements are logically connected and if it does not contain contradictions, logical fallacies, or other forms of invalid reasoning. notice that a clear style helps to recognize whether an argumentation is well reasoned or not. how would you rate the quality of the reasoning in the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is overly generalizing if it applies too broad statements to particular cases without proper justification. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is overly generalizing or is not overly generalizing
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it is not well written, unclear, hard to understand, vague, ambiguous, illogical, lacks coherence, does not make sense, does not have a point, makes no sense, does not follow, jumps around, is difficult to follow, confusing, disorganized, repetitive, boring, rambling, uninteresting, irrelevant, off-topic, beside the point, goes in circles, beats around the bush, misses the point, does not get to the point, does not answer the question, etc.
Given a debate topic, generate an argumentative claim tailored to the beliefs of two different participants in the debate.
An argument is not convincing if it fails to persuade the reader or lacks important information necessary for understanding. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is not convincing or convincing.
A generalization is appropriate if it is based on sufficient evidence and accurately represents the group being generalized about. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the generalization is appropriate or inappropriate.
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative essay brainstorming creative ideas for tackling the challenge head-on.
Given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), decide whether they are contradictory, meaning that both cannot be true at once.
An argumentative claim is a statement that contains some form of support for the given topic. given a sentence, classify it as “argumentative claim” if it includes a relevant reason for supporting or opposing the topic, or as a “non-argumentative claim” if it does not include a reason or is not relevant to the topic.
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if all parts of it are related to the given issue, i.e., there is nothing that seems off-topic or irrelevant. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if its premises are accepted by everyone from the expected target audience. notice that it is not generally clear whether all premises of an argumentation are in fact accepted. there may be cases where some premises are controversial, but others are uncontroversial and sufficient to establish the conclusion. please judge about global acceptability according to whether you see any reason for rejecting a premise or set of premises that is necessary to support the conclusion. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has insufficient evidence if its premises are not backed up by any objective evidence (e.g., statistics, references). decide whether the argument has insufficient evidence or does not have insufficient evidence
Identify the number of arguments in a text
An argument has insufficient justification if the claims and premises are not supported by sufficient evidence. decide whether the argument lacks sufficient justification or does not lack sufficient justification
Given two sentences, determine whether they are part of the same argumentative discourse unit or not.
An argument is missing clarity if it lacks sufficient precision to allow for meaningful evaluation of its reasoning. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
Given a social issue, generate an argumentative claim that advocates for a particular solution to the issue.
An argument has unclear logic if the connection between its sentences is hard to follow. decide whether the argument has unclear logic or does not have unclear logic
Does the author’s argumentation show any deficiencies with respect to its global acceptability? how would you rate these deficiencies on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing sufficiency if it does not provide enough evidence to support its claim or does not fully address all relevant aspects of the issue being discussed. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
An argument should be seen as sufficiently supported if it provides enough supporting adus for its conclusion. how would you rate the sufficiency of support in the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is relevant if its content relates to the current topic being discussed. decide whether the following argument is relevant or not relevant
Given the following argument and its topic, classify it as: - appropriate: if the used language supports the creation of credibility and emotions as well as if it is proportional to its topic. - inappropriate: otherwise.
Consider the two statements below: statement a and statement b. would you agree with the following statement?statement a is more convincing than statement b because it is better supported by evidence.
Argument conclusions are precise when they provide specific details about who will do what and how/when/where something will happen. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of precision?
An argument is black-and-white thinking if it ignores nuance and complexity by presenting things as either/or choices. is there a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
A premise of an argument should be seen as sufficiently supporting its conclusion if it provides enough evidence for accepting the conclusion. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the sufficiency of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” sufficiency—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. notice that a premise may support the conclusion only partially or indirectly; yet, this may still make the premise sufficiently supportive. also notice that a premise may provide some kind of support while being irrelevant for the conclusion; yet, this may still make the premise insufficiently supportive. how would you rate the sufficiency of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing relevance if it does not directly relate to the topic being discussed, making it difficult to see how it supports the main claim. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is missing commitment if it displays a lack of confidence in the claims made. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument is relevant if its premises are related to the conclusion. decide whether the argument is relevant or irrelevant
Consider the following two arguments (argument a and argument b) on the topic: should children under 16 be allowed to use social media platforms like facebook?which argument do you find more convincing?
Identify the central claim of the given argumentative essay.
An argument conclusion is novel when it contains novel premise-related content and/or combination of the content in the premises. given the following two arguments on a topic, determine whether argument b’s conclusion is more or less novel than that of argument a.
Please judge about formal validity according to whether the inference from the premises to the conclusion follows logically. how would you rate the formal validity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as globally sufficient if it resolves the discussed issue to such a degree that no reasonable person from the expected target audience could have doubts about the correctness of the author’s stance anymore. how would you rate the sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has missing commitment if it does not show a clear stance towards the issue being discussed. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment.
Given a topic and an opinionated sentence, identify the stance of the sentence towards the given topic.
The author avoids emotional appeals and instead focuses on facts and logic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument avoids emotional appeals or does not avoid emotional appeals.
The main conclusion of an argumentation should be seen as acceptable if there are sufficient reasons to believe that it is correct, taking into account both the content of the argumentation and general background knowledge, shared values and other contextual information. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight the acceptability of each conclusion when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there are particular conclusions that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the acceptability of the main conclusion(s) of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a set of arguments, generate an argumentative premise tailored to the arguments.
An argument has a low quality because of its structure (e.g., lack of reasoning) or content (e.g., false premises). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has low quality or has high quality
An argumentation should be seen as clear if it is easy to understand what the author tries to communicate. the used language and structure of the text should support a quick understanding of the given issue, the composed arguments, and its conclusion. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing relevance if its topic does not match the debate’s topic or if the argumentation does not contribute meaningfully to the discussion of the issue at hand (e.g., because it is off-topic). decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is missing credibility if it displays a lack of trustworthiness and/or authority or expertise to make the claim. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
Identify the stances of the authors in the given arguments on a topic.
Consider the following argument: "argument a" would you agree with the following statement? the author's reasoning is sound because there are no flaws in the logic of their argument.
An argument is off-topic if it is irrelevant to the topic of the debate. decide whether the argument is off-topic or not off-topic.
An argument is irrelevant if it does not address the topic of the debate, or if it is off-topic. decide whether the argument is relevant or irrelevant.
An argument is missing conclusions if it does not have any conclusion that can be inferred from its premise(s). given the following arguments and their topics, decide whether the argument lacks conclusions or does not lack conclusions.
Given an argument and a topic, determine whether this argument is on-topic or not.
An argument is overly general when its content is too abstract or broad to make a concrete point about the issue at hand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is overly general or is not overly general
The overall quality of an argument is defined as a combination of its acceptability, appropriateness, seriousness, comprehensibility, clarity, and relevance to the issue at hand. how would you rate the overall quality of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as factually adequate if all its factual premises are true. a premise is considered factual if it can be verified by looking up relevant facts. how would you rate the factual adequacy of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a set of argument clauses coming from the same document, predict which of them are related to each other by supporting/attacking relations
Given a claim that was made by an author in response to another comment (the original comment). identify which of the following statements is true about the claim: the claim... ...explicitly attacks the original comment. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks the original comment. ...makes no use of the original comment. ...vaguely/implicitly supports the original comment. ...explicitly supports the original comment.
A good argument should anticipate potential challenges from opponents. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument anticipates potential challenges from opponents or does not anticipate potential challenges from opponents.
Given two arguments and a topic, what are the stances of each argument?
An argument is logically sound if all premises are true and the conclusion follows logically from the premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is logically sound or is not logically sound
An argument is missing intelligibility if its content is unintelligible (e.g., due to non-english language) and/or contains a lot of irrelevant information that obscures the point being made about the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
An argument is off-topic if it does not contribute meaningfully to the resolution of the issue under discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is off-topic or is not off-topic
You are given an opinion poll question (e.g., should marijuana be legalized?) and a stance towards this question (yes vs. no). your task is to form a persuasive argument toward the question that supports the given stance
When we talk about the strength of an argument, we mean how well the premises support the conclusion. how would you rate the strength of the argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two claims from different articles on the same topic, determine whether they are compatible or incompatible.
Given a controversial topic, generate a key point tailored to the beliefs of one side.
A good argument should have convincing content, i.e., the author should present his/her view clearly, logically, and convincingly. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following argument, identify which sentence is more central to the argument.
Given the following arguments and their topic, decide whether they are on-topic.
A detrimental orthography error occurs when an author makes spelling mistakes, grammatical errors or typos that interfere with communication of the central claim. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography
An argument is missing rationality if it uses emotions instead of logic to appeal to people. decide whether the argument lacks rationality or does not lack rationality
Given two versions of the same argument, determine which one is more likely to be accepted by experts in the field (argument 1 or argument 2).
The argument is based on false evidence, such as incorrect facts or figures. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses false evidence or does not use false evidence.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it has worse supporting evidence, such as false facts, wrong statistics, made-up quotes, illogical examples, fake studies, non-expert opinions, etc.
A counterargument is defined as any additional premise or conclusion which weakens or refutes the given argument. given the following argument with such a gap, generate a new adu that fills the gap indicated with "<mask>".
An argument has unclear wording if its language is imprecise, ambiguous, vague, misleading, or too complicated. decide whether the argument has unclear wording or does not have unclear wording
An argument is logically coherent if its premises support its conclusion. decide whether the following argument has logical coherence or does not have logical coherence
The structure of a persuasive essay should be: introduction, body paragraphs, conclusion. how would you rate the author’s argumentation in terms of structure on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A premise of an argument should be seen as sufficient if you think that there are no further relevant considerations which would have to be taken into account when evaluating the argument’s acceptability or rejectability. how would you rate the sufficiency of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the following sentence a fact or opinion?
Given the following two arguments, determine whether they have any relation with each other (e.g. support, attack).
An argument should be seen as well-structured if it has a clear structure that allows the reader to easily identify the author’s position and follow the reasoning from premises to conclusion. how would you rate the structural quality of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two versions of the same premise, compare them and decide which one is better (premise 1 or premise 2)
An argument has a missing commitment if its author fails to express a clear commitment towards his/her position on the issue of the debate, i.e., if he/she does not clearly state what side he/she supports. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has a missing commitment or does not have a missing commitment
An argumentation is concise if it avoids unnecessary repetitions and digressions from the discussed issue. how would you rate the conciseness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given as input a debate topic, generate an argumentative claim for that topic
An argument has low relevance if its content does not contribute to accepting or rejecting the conclusion. it may be off-topic or irrelevant for other reasons. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has low relevance or high relevance
Argument conclusions are useful when they are helpful for understanding the topic or solving a problem related to the topic. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of usefulness?
An argument conclusion is strong if it follows directly from the premise, meaning that the inference links the premise to the conclusion without requiring any additional assumptions. is the conclusion strong?
An argumentation should be seen as globally sufficient if it provides a reasonable amount of arguments and/or other information that help to arrive at an ultimate conclusion regarding the discussed issue. you should be open to see an argumentation as sufficient even if it does not your match your stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information are numerous enough to contribute to the resolution of the given issue. notice, however, that one good argument can outweigh several weak ones, so that global sufficiency does not necessarily depend on the number of arguments. in doubt, give more credit to global relevance than to global sufficiency due to the limited feasibility of the latter. how would you rate the global sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as globally consistent if it is free of contradictions between different arguments. notice that there may be cases where it is difficult to decide whether two arguments contradict each other. please judge about global consistency according to whether all main arguments of an argumentation do not contradict each other. how would you rate the global consistency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Decide whether the author’s argumentation is well-arranged. to this end, rate how much the argumentation presents the issue, the composed arguments, and its conclusion in the right order on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
The first claim below (claim 1) is always longer than the second one (claim 2). would you agree with the following statement? claim 1 is better because it is well thought out, has smart remarks or is more complex.
An argument is missing sufficiency if it lacks evidence for one or more claims, makes irrelevant claims, or fails to support its central claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
Given an argumentative claim, select the type of quantity issue from the defined set (too many links, too few links, missing link) that should be improved when revising the claim.
The argument presented here is not relevant to the topic, but discusses a related topic instead. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Extract the major claims made in the given argument.
An argument is missing nuance if it fails to consider all relevant aspects of the issue under discussion, does not recognize exceptions, or makes sweeping generalizations. decide whether the argument lacks nuance or does not lack nuance
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if its content is clear and coherent, i.e., it can easily be understood by the expected target audience. this includes whether the author’s point of view is clearly expressed and how well the structure of the argumentation contributes to this clarity. try to adequately weight your judgments about global coherence, local coherence, and clarity when judging about well-structure—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. in doubt, give more credit to global coherence and local coherence than to clarity due to the limited feasibility of the latter. how would you rate the well-structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing consistency if the arguer’s position on the topic changes over time, or if it includes contradictory claims. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks consistency or does not lack consistency
Identify the conclusion(s) of the author’s argumentation. typically, a conclusion comes towards the end of the argument, but not always. sometimes there is no explicit conclusion, but rather a tacit one. in such cases, we assume that the main point of the comment serves as its conclusion. it is also possible that a comment has more than one conclusion. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight the relevance of each conclusion when judging about their “aggregate” relevance—unless there are particular conclusions that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. you should be open to see a conclusion as relevant even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. how would you rate the relevance of the conclusion(s) of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is logically deceptive if it uses deceptive tricks to make its case seem stronger than it really is. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive.
An argument is missing relevance if its author does not address the main point of the debate but instead focuses on unrelated issues. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is missing counterarguments if it does not consider alternative viewpoints or perspectives on the issue under discussion, but rather focuses solely on presenting one viewpoint. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks counterargument or does not lack counterargument
Given a topic and a stance towards it, generate a relevant claim related to them both.
Is this an argument?
An argumentation should be seen as being of high quality if it contains arguments that are convincing and relevant to the discussed issue. the author’s credibility, reliability or confidence also play a role in determining the overall quality of an argumentation. how would you rate the overall quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing critical thinking if it does not consider alternative points of view, counter-arguments, or possible objections to its premises. decide whether the argument lacks critical thinking or does not lack critical thinking
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains an instance of “false dilemma” fallacy. false dilemma involves presenting only two choices when there are actually many other options available. for example: "either we do something about global warming now or we will all die."
Given the following argument with such a gap, generate a new adu that fills the gap indicated with "<mask>".
An argument should be seen as having good sources if it refers to high-quality sources for evidence and/or quotations that support its premises. if no such references occur in the argument, then judge whether the information given in the premises is likely to stem from trustworthy sources. try to adequately weight your judgments about the number of sources used by the author, their relevance to the issue at hand, and their credibility when judging about source quality—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the source quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is logically deceptive if there is no reasonable inference from its premise to its conclusion. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive.
An argument is not convincing because it has a fallacy. a fallacy is an error in reasoning that renders an argument invalid (logically incorrect), or more generally, causes an inference to be weak or uncertain. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has fallacies or does not have fallacies
The argumentation can be thought of as a dialectical exchange between the role of the proponent (who is presenting and
Given the two arguments below, decide whether argument b is more convincing than a because it emphasizes key points through repetition or emphasis.
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a list of references citing sources consulted during research for the paper.
An argument has confusing wording if its components (claims and premises) contain unclear expressions or are formulated in such a way that it is hard for the target audience to understand them. decide whether the argument has confusing wording or does not have confusing wording
Given two arguments and a topic of the debate they appeared in. decide whether argument 1 supports argument 2 or not.
An argument has fallacious reasoning if it contains a well-known pattern of incorrect reasoning, e.g., an appeal to authority, a slippery slope, or begging the question. decide whether the argument has fallacious reasoning or does not have fallacious reasoning
An argument is missing commitment if it is either evasive by suggesting that one of the debaters (explicitly or implicitly) does not want to take responsibility for his/her claims or unresponsive by suggesting that one of the debaters (explicitly or implicitly) does not answer questions posed by the other debater(s). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument is non sequitur if its conclusion does not follow from its premise(s). is there a problematic logical gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Distinguish, whether the comment is missing intelligibility regarding the discussed topic or not (not missing intelligibility). the key question to answer is: is the meaning of the comment clear and understandable?
Decide whether the two arguments below (argument a and argument b) have different topics or not?
An argument can have multiple premises that support the conclusion. a premise is defined as a reason given in support of something else, such as a claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether there are multiple premises or not
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a call-to-action urging people to take action regarding the issue being discussed.
An argument is missing intelligibility if it is too vague or ambiguous or confusingly written such that it cannot be understood well enough to be evaluated as either acceptable or unacceptable. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing intelligibility or not missing intelligibility.
An argument is intelligible if its meaning can be understood by humans without further clarification from the author. if the meaning of the comment cannot be understood at all or only partially, then it should be considered unintelligible. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is intelligible or unintelligible
Identify the relation between reason(s) and conclusion(s) in the given argumentative text.
Consider the following arguments:argument a: this medicine has been approved by doctors around the world.argument b: this medicine has not been tested thoroughly enough.how would you rate the effectiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the following sentence from an argumentative text a premise or a conclusion?
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it is biased or unbiased (biased or unbiased).
A rebuttal is an argument that contradicts another argument by providing counter-arguments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is rebutting another argument or not rebutting any other arguments
An argument is toxic if it contains emotions that are detrimental to the quality of discussion such as anger, hatred, disgust or frustration. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic
The tone of an argumentation can be considered polite when it is not offensive, insulting or rude towards others. it is also considered to be respectful towards other opinions and does not use aggressive language such as swearing. how would you rate the politeness of the tone of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is fallacious if it relies on a faulty assumption or incorrect reasoning. given an argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument is fallacious or non-fallacious.
A key point should be a concise summary of an issue that can be used as an outline for further discussions. does the following key point match the given arguments?
An argument is wishful thinking if it takes something desirable as being true without any other justification. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has wishful thinking or does not have wishful thinking
An argumentation should be seen as sufficiently detailed if it provides enough information for the reader to understand its content. this includes providing a clear explanation of how the premises support the conclusion and not using too much technical terminology or jargon that may be unfamiliar to the reader. how would you rate the level of detail in the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing respect if the author does not take seriously the contributions of others but instead misrepresents them or criticizes them without considering their merits. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect.
Given a pair of documents, one containing the conclusion and the other containing the premise, predict if they are members of the same argument or not.
An argument is missing respect if it is either attacking others by using abusive language or questioning the credibility of a person (or group) without providing evidence. decide whether the following argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
A conclusion should be seen as acceptable if it can reasonably be accepted given the provided information and the discussion context, e.g., because of its relevance to the topic or because it has been justified sufficiently. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s conclusion on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A premise is defined as any part of an argument that serves to support the conclusion. is there a premise at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if they can reasonably be accepted as true without any additional justification. in other words: you can imagine someone who accepts the premises without being unreasonable. this does not mean that you yourself have to accept them. for instance, you might think that some premise is false but still judge it to be acceptable since it is widely held among experts. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight the acceptability of the premises for each conclusion when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there are particular premises or conclusions that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as logically consistent if all propositions in it that can be connected to each other via logical relations are indeed connected in such a way. how would you rate the logical consistency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the following statement an argumentative element (premise or conclusion)?
An argument has irrelevant reason if one or more reasons given do not logically support the conclusion. decide whether the argument has irrelevant reason or does not have irrelevant reason
Consider the following argument. would you agree with the following statement?the argument is convincing because it is generally strong and specific
Find the conclusion(s) in the given text.
An argumentation should be seen as sufficiently elaborated if it presents enough details to support its arguments without being overly verbose. furthermore, it should not leave out important aspects of the issue at hand. how would you rate the elaboration of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the following two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the introduction of argument a is less effective than that of argument b because it fails to establish credibility through establishing expertise or personal experience related to the issue being discussed.
An argument should be seen as clear if its meaning can be understood by someone who has no prior knowledge about the issue at hand. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is relevant to the topic if it addresses the issue raised by the topic or if it can reasonably contribute to the discussion of the issue raised by the topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Given two arguments from opposing sides of a debate topic, determine which of them is more convincing.
Identify the conclusion from the following text
Argument conclusions are novel when they contain novel premise-related content and/or combination of the content in the
The quality of an argument can be measured by how well the premises are supported by facts and evidence. please judge about factual insufficiency according to whether all such facts seem to be true to you. how would you rate the factual sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The style of an argumentation should be seen as polite if it uses language that is respectful towards other participants of the discussion. it should avoid offensive, insulting or aggressive language. also take into account how well the author tries to stay friendly despite potential disagreements with others. how would you rate the politeness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if it does not express any stance towards the issue at hand. this includes arguments that do not provide enough information to infer what their position is. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
What is the stance of the author? (pro, con or neutral)
An argumentation should be seen as having a high degree of acceptability if all its premises are acceptable to you. notice that it is not generally clear what makes a premise acceptable. there may be cases where you would reject a premise although the author has provided evidence for it, or there may be cases where you would accept a premise without any such evidence. please judge about acceptability according to your own views. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has misleading claims if its claims are deceptive or intended to mislead. decide whether the argument has misleading claims or does not have misleading claims
An argument is missing relevance if it contains premises that are not related to the conclusion or if it has conclusions that do not follow from its premises. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if all premises are worthy of being believed, i.e., if you rationally think them to be true or if you see no reason for not believing that they may be true. notice that you may see premises as acceptable even though you do not personally accept all of them. please judge about global acceptability according to your view of all main premises of an argumentation—if there are several such premises, try to adequately weight their “aggregate” acceptability. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is toxic if it appeals to emotions that are deceptive or do not provide room for critical evaluation of the topic by the reader. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or not.
An argument has confusing reasoning if its components (claims and premises) seem not to be connected logically. how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if it lacks commitment to its conclusion. it might provide a reason why something should happen but fails to take a stance on the issue at hand. for example, saying “i think we should do x” does not commit to doing x. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
An argument should be seen as successful in creating relevance if it discusses aspects of the topic that are important for reaching a decision on the issue under discussion, e.g., by focusing on crucial points or anticipating potential objections. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the relevance of the argument, then do not judge it to be irrelevant. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in creating relevance on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following argument, determine which of the two claims is a conclusion.
Given the following short argument, produce a counterargument to it.
Given a topic and an argumentative discourse unit (adu), determine the stance of the adu towards the topic. the possible stances are: pro, contra or neutral.
Persuasiveness refers to how convincing an argument is. a highly persuasive argument would convince most readers. score the persuasiveness of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (argument is not at all persuasive) 1.5 2.0 (argument is somewhat persuasive) 2.5 3.0 (argument is fairly persuasive) 3.5 4.0 (argument is highly persuasive)
Consider the following statement: argument b is less convincing because it is attacking, abusive or disrespectful. would you agree with this statement?
An argumentation should be seen as well-phrased if the wording used throughout the argumentation sounds natural and appropriate to the given setting (online debate forum). notice that unusual wordings may still be acceptable if they serve to create emphasis or add rhetorical value. how would you rate the phrasing of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has weakly related stance if its stance towards the issue is unclear or unrelated. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has weakly related stance or does not have weakly related stance
An argument is overgeneralization fallacy if it applies a general rule to specific cases where it may not apply. for example: all politicians are corrupt so we shouldn’t trust any of them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits overgeneralization fallacy or does not commit overgeneralization fallacy.
Does the given clause belong to an argument? if yes, what type of argument structure is it part of? (e.g., premise, conclusion)
An argument is emotionally supportive if the emotions appealed to are used in a way that supports and promotes critical evaluation of the topic by the reader. decide whether the argument is emotionally supportive or not emotionally supportive
The anecdotal evidence fallacy occurs when someone relies too heavily on personal experiences or stories instead of looking at larger trends or patterns; anecdotes might not represent reality accurately! given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses anecdotal evidence or does not use anecdotal evidence.
Given two argumentative discourse units, determine whether one attacks the other.
An argument has poor spelling, grammar or style if it contains severe orthographic errors, such as incorrect word order, missing words, misspelled words or punctuation mistakes. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has poor spelling, grammar or style or does not have poor spelling, grammar or style
The acceptability of an argument refers to how acceptable its premises are for the expected target audience. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing sufficient reasons if there are no supporting statements for its conclusion, or if it only presents obvious facts as supporting statements. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sufficient reasons or does not lack sufficient reasons
Decide whether you would agree with the following statement: argument b is more convincing because it provides stronger evidence for its arguments.
Given two arguments, decide which of these statements is true: argument 2 attacks argument 1. argument 2 supports argument 1. neither of the above
An argument should be seen as convincing if it provides reasons for accepting its conclusion or rejecting alternative conclusions. you may also consider whether there are counterarguments that need to be addressed in order to make the argument more convincing. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument commits begging the question fallacy if it includes its own conclusion within its premises. for example: “abortion is wrong because life begins at conception, and life has intrinsic value”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits begging the question fallacy or does not commit begging the question fallacy.
Identify the stance of the author towards the main topic of the debate (pro/con)
An argument has missing seriousness if it is either trolling others by suggesting (explicitly or implicitly) that the issue discussed in a debate is not important, or does not provide any reasoning for its claims. decide whether the argument has missing seriousness or does not have missing seriousness.
Score the persuasiveness of the given essay using the following scoring range: 0.0 (essay does not make any attempt at persuasion) 1.0 (essay makes some attempt at persuasion but it would not convince most readers) 2.0 (essay makes a decent attempt at persuasion and could convince some readers) 3.0 (essay makes a strong attempt at persuasion and would convince most readers)
An argumentation should be seen as globally sufficient if it provides enough information to arrive at an ultimate conclusion regarding the discussed issue, i.e., if there are no further questions left open that would need to be answered before being able to make a decision about the discussed issue. how would you rate the global sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
What kind of attack relation exists between elementary unit x and another elementary unit y of the same argument? differentiate between attacks, rebuts and no attack relation. attack relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions can be attacked: attacks and rebuts. the former attacks the validity of a proposition by showing that it is false or incorrect, whereas the latter attacks the relevance of a proposition by showing that it does not provide sufficient support for the claim being made. for example, “the only issue i have is that the volume starts to degrade a little bit after about six“and i find i have to buy a new pair every year or so.”(x) and “i bought these headphones because i was looking for something with great sound quality but also wanted them to last longer than my previous ones”(y).
Given a discussion post from a reddit comment thread, identify the stance (pro or con) of the user towards the corresponding big issue.
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative claim.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because its premises are insufficient, they do not support the conclusion, they are irrelevant to the conclusion or they contradict each other.
An argument is simplistic if it oversimplifies the issue, reduces complex problems to binary choices, or ignores nuances and subtleties. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is simplistic or is complex
An argument commits false cause fallacy if it claims that something caused another thing without providing enough evidence to prove it. for example: “the increase in crime rates was caused by the increasing number of immigrants”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits false cause fallacy or does not commit false cause fallacy.
An argument is logically deceptive if it tries to trick us into accepting a claim by making assumptions that are not supported by evidence. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a is more convincing because it is more consistent, harmonious, unified, integrated, cohesive, connected, linked, interrelated, correlated, coordinated, synchronized, aligned, congruent, compatible, complementary, supplementary, supportive, reinforcing, strengthening, enhancing, enriching, fortifying, invigorating, revitalizing, rejuvenating, refreshing, reinvigorating, regenerating, renewing, restoring, reviving, resuscitating, resurrecting, rebirthing, or reanimating.
An argument is seen as missing proper structure if it does not contain a clear conclusion and/or a recognizable chain of reasoning leading to that conclusion. note: it may be acceptable for arguments to have implicit conclusions (if they are obvious), but this should only be done when the author has a good reason for doing so. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks proper structure or does not lack proper structure
An argument has toxic reasoning if it uses logical fallacies such as red herring, slippery slope, ad hominem, appeal to emotion, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic reasoning or does not have toxic reasoning
Given two arguments (a and b) determine which of them is better than the other based on criteria such as clarity, relevance, and usefulness.
Given a list of claims, select those that can be used as key points in forming a concise summary from a large collection of arguments on a given topic.
An argument is missing fairness if it displays a lack of respect for other viewpoints and fails to provide accurate representations of opposing arguments. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argument should be seen as locally acceptable if its premises are true and well-supported by the available evidence. if you think that some premise of an argument is false or poorly supported, then the argument is not locally acceptable. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains logical errors, such as false dilemmas, circular reasoning, ad hominem attacks, appeal to authority, strawman, slippery slope, or loaded language.
Given a pair of texts, decide whether they are related by the relation of supporting, attacking, or neither.
An argument is circular if it uses the same premise(s) to support different conclusion(s), or uses the same conclusion to support different premise(s). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is circular or not circular
Consider the following two arguments (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it has been written by someone who is clearly biased towards their own view of the topic.
Given a set of talking points, termed key points that are used to form a concise summary from a large collection of arguments on a given topic, rank them in order of importance.
An argument has missing clarity if its content seems irrelevant to the topic. decide whether the argument has missing clarity or does not have missing clarity
An argumentation should be seen as successful in conveying a certain view of the world if it conveys arguments and other information that make the reader understand what kind of worldview underlies the author’s position. this includes, but is not limited to, revealing ideological or religious convictions of the author. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in conveying his/her worldview on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as successful in making a logical appeal if it conveys arguments that are logically sound, i.e., where the conclusion follows from the premises. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in making a logical appeal on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has inconsistent reasoning if one or more of its premises do not support its conclusion. decide whether the argument has inconsistent reasoning or does not have inconsistent reasoning
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it displays an unwillingness to consider arguments with opposing viewpoints and does not assess the arguments on their merits but simply rejects them out of hand.
Would you agree with the following statement? argument b
Given an argumentative claim, potentially along with context information on the debate, generate a refutation that disproves or undermines opposing arguments or viewpoints.
An argument is lacking logic if there is no logical connection between premises and conclusion, or if some part of the reasoning process is flawed. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks logic or does not lack logic
Premises are acceptable when they are worthy of being believed, i.e., when we rationally think they are true or when we see no reason for not believing that they may be true. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the acceptability of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. is the conclusion of the argument below better than the conclusion of the argument above?
An argument has insufficient support if it is not supported by any of the other arguments in a way that would make its content sufficiently acceptable for everyone from the expected target audience. given an argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument has insufficient support or does not have insufficient support
Given two arguments, explain why they are compatible or contradictory.
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b), determine whether argument b has higher quality than argument a.
Given a pair of elementary units coming from the same document, predict if they have a support relation or not.
An argumentation should be seen as clearly structured if it presents its ideas in a logical order and uses appropriate transitions between them. notice that there may be multiple ways to structure an argument effectively depending on context and audience expectations. how would you rate the clarity of structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as consistent if it presents no contradiction between any of its parts, i.e., no part supports/attacks another part. notice that this does not mean that an argumentation is persuasive for you in case it is consistent. how would you rate the consistency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if it responds to the preceding arguments and/or other information in a suitable way. this means that the author’s statements are related to the previous ones, e.g., by being an appropriate answer to a question or comment, by providing additional evidence for a claim, by addressing counterarguments etc. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has irrelevant meaning if its content does not relate to the issue, either because it concerns a different issue (i.e., off-topic) or because there is no clear relation between the two (i.e., unclear). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has irrelevant meaning or does not have irrelevant meaning
A statement is detrimental orthography if it contains inappropriate words (e.g., swear words) or grammatical errors that are likely to be seen as disrespectful by other participants of the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains detrimental orthography or does not contain detrimental orthography
An argument is ethically deceptive if the arguer tries to persuade you by using unethical means, such as exploiting your fears or desires. decide whether the argument is ethically deceptive or not ethically deceptive
Given a sentence and a topic, classify the sentence as “relevant” if it includes information that could be used to support or oppose the topic, or as “irrelevant” if it does not include such information.
An argument is irrelevant if the premise does not support the conclusion. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or not irrelevant
Consider the following two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the conclusion of argument a is more convincing because it includes a call-to-action encouraging readers to take specific steps towards achieving desired outcomes outlined earlier in the piece.
A claim is acceptable if it can be justified with evidence or reasoning that makes sense to the audience (the intended readers). how would you rate the acceptability of the claims in this comment on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the conclusion of an argument, determine whether it follows from the premise, meaning there exists a logical inference linking the premise to the conclusion.
Identify the most important claim from the passage.
An argument has unclear language if its components (claims and premises) seem vague or ambiguous. decide whether the argument has unclear language or does not have unclear language
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains personal attacks, insults, threats, profanity, vulgarity, hate speech, obscenity, offensive language, inappropriate content, inflammatory remarks, rude comments, disrespectful behavior, aggressive tone, hostile attitude, derogatory terms, discriminatory remarks, biased opinions, prejudiced views, sexist remarks, racist slurs, homophobic statements, xenophobic sentiments, religious intolerance, cultural insensitivity, political incorrectness, socially unacceptable behaviors, etc.
An argument is missing reasonableness if it contains claims that are too extreme and/or unrealistic. decide whether the argument lacks reasonableness or does not lack reasonableness
The task is to decide whether the conclusion follows from the premise(s) and/or whether there are other possible conclusions which could be derived from the same premises. how would you rate the quality of the reasoning in this argument? rate it on a scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
In an ad hominem attack (also known as "attacking the messenger"), rather than addressing the issue at hand, the arguer attacks the person who holds the opposing view. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains ad hominem attack fallacy or does not contain ad hominem attack fallacy.
An argument is missing intelligibility if its meaning is unclear. this can happen if the claim is incomprehensible or because there are too many spelling errors. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing intelligibility or does not have missing intelligibility
You are given a question about a particular issue. your task is to form a persuasive argument toward the question based on logical reasoning.
The content of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the used premises, conclusions, or similar are proportional to the discussed issue. premises should match with your understanding of how they contribute to the acceptance or rejection of the conclusion. you should be open to see premises as relevant even if they do not match your own stance on the issue. how would you rate the appropriateness of the content of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the argument's conclusion mentioned in this sentence?
Given an argument clause, classify it as either an argument premise or conclusion.
An argument is irrelevant information if it includes unnecessary details or off-topic information that does not contribute to the main point being made. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has irrelevant information or does not have irrelevant information
An argument is missing clarity if its structure is confusing and unclear. the premises should be clearly connected with each other and with the conclusion of the argumentation. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
The argument should be seen as using appropriate tone if it avoids being overly formal or informal and instead chooses language suitable for the context and audience. how would you rate the appropriateness of the tone used by the author on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing sources if the information given in the claim and/or premise cannot be verified by consulting external sources of information. decide whether the argument lacks sources or does not lack sources
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it fails to address key issues raised by the other side, ignores important points made by opponents or avoids difficult questions.
An argument is missing fairness if it treats an opposing position in a way that does not respect the other person’s right to hold his/her opinion, e.g., by ridiculing their view or attacking them personally. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argument is missing intelligibility if it contains statements that are not understandable or difficult to understand, either because of the used language (e.g., non-standard words) or due to a lack of contextualization. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
Given the following two argumentative discourse units, determine whether they are related (related) or not (not related).
An argument is missing rebuttal if it does not address or refute opposing arguments. decide whether the following argument lacks rebuttal or does not lack rebuttal
An argument is lacking respectfulness if it shows contempt for other people involved in the discussion by using disrespectful language towards them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks respectfulness or does not lack respectfulness
Is the premise relevant?
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it provides reasons that justify its conclusion sufficiently well. notice that it is not generally clear what counts as sufficient justification. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether the author’s argumentation seems plausible enough to you in light of the information available to you. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if they are true or at least plausible. in some cases, however, it might be difficult to judge about the truth or plausibility of individual premises; then you could also consider how well the author argues for his/her premises. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are acceptable when they can be accepted by a rational agent on the basis of the premise-related content and/or combination of the content in the premises. is the conclusion acceptable?
Identify the premises and conclusions in a given argumentative essay.
Is the following argument clause irrelevant to the discussion?
The author’s stance towards the topic can be seen as a subjective opinion or attitude which he/she expresses explicitly or implicitly in his/her argumentation. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s stance on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has toxic content if it contains any language that is offensive, obscene, profane, hateful, threatening, harmful, dangerous, abusive, harassing, violent, defamatory, vulgar, promotes violence, is racially/ethnically/culturally offensive, references illegal drugs, refers to criminal activity, contains sexual content or links to adult material, encourages gambling, or infringes intellectual property rights. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is more convincing than argument a because it acknowledges potential weaknesses in its own position while still making a strong case for its conclusion.
The key question to answer is: does the author intend to convince us clearly about his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic? decide whether the comment is persuasive regarding the discussed topic or not (not persusasive).
An argument is detrimental due to orthography when there are misspellings, typos or grammatical mistakes in the text. the number of these errors should be at least 5% of the words in the text. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography.
An argument is fallacious if it is deceptive or misleading. given the following argument, decide whether the argument is fallacious or not fallacious
An argument has missing commitment if it does not make clear what the author's opinion on the topic is. it may be that the author did not express his/her stance clearly enough in the text or that he/she tried to hide it. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument is inappropriate if its orthography makes it difficult to read or understand. this includes but is not limited to: excessive use of punctuation marks such as !!!!???, excessive use of capital letters such as all caps, excessive use of emojis like :), and poor spelling such as “i am aganist this”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography
An argument lacks intelligibility if it does not make clear what position is being taken, and/or does not provide any support for this position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
Generate an argument that supports or opposes the given claim and is coherent with the key points provided.
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if it addresses those aspects of the issue at hand that are important in your view. this means that, according to your own opinion about the discussed issue, all essential aspects are addressed and no irrelevant aspects are included in the argumentation. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is availability heuristic if it bases decisions on easily accessible memories rather than objective analysis. is there a problematic availability heuristic at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
The credibility of an argumentation should be seen as high if the author uses widely accepted sources, seems to have sufficient knowledge about the topic at hand and avoids self-contradiction. besides this, also take into consideration the number of supporting elementary units compared to attacking ones, i.e., how much the author argues for his or her stance compared to arguing against other stances. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing fairness if it does not provide a balanced assessment of the pros and cons of its topic or if it misrepresents the positions of those who hold opposing viewpoints. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argument is lacking counter-argument if it does not address the opposing view(s). decide whether the argument lacks counter-argument or does not lack counter-argument
The following is an example of an online discussion between two users (user 1 and user 2). would you agree with the following statement?the first user's argument is more convincing because it is well thought out, has smart remarks or is more complex.
Identify the position of each argument on the given topic: for or against?
An argument is missing fairness if it misrepresents the opponent's position, distorts facts, or uses emotionally charged language to attack the person instead of the argument. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if its main claims and reasons are connected in a coherent way so that they all contribute to the overall purpose of the argumentation. how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a pair of arguments a and b, decide whether the following statement is true: argument a is more convincing because it provides more facts, more support, more credible evidence or a clearer explanation.
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b), decide whether argument b is more convincing because it contains a strong supporting example or evidence.
Decide whether the comment provides any personal experience/opinion or not. the key question to answer is: is the author sharing his/her personal experience?
An argument has clear reasoning if its components (claims and premises) are easy to understand and follow. decide
An argument has excessive emotionality if it appeals to emotions in a way that does not fit with the given issue. decide whether the argument has excessive emotionality or does not have excessive emotionality
Given as input a pair of arguments coming from the same document, predict if they support the same stance or opposing stances towards the discussed topic.
The content of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the author’s statements match the discussed issue within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue), matching with how credibility and emotions are created via the style of the argumentation. how
Generate an argumentative claim tailored to the given controversial topic.
An argumentation should be seen as globally understandable if everyone from the expected target audience would understand it, i.e., if they could identify the main arguments stated in it and their relationships with each other. how would you rate the global understandability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments, determine whether they are from the same debate (i.e., have the same topic).
An argument is missing commitment if it does not clearly express the author’s stance on the discussed issue, i.e., whether he or she agrees with the topic of the discussion. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argumentation should be seen as locally adequate if every single argument contained therein is valid and sound. this means that the argument’s premises must be sufficient to infer the argument’s conclusion (validity), and the premises themselves must be acceptable (soundness). notice that you may see an argumentation as locally adequate even though you do not agree with its overall conclusion. how would you rate the local adequacy of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the following argument. would you agree with the following statement?the argument is a non sequitur if it has no connection to the conclusion.
Would you agree with the following statement? argument b is less convincing because it does not respond directly to the opposing point of view expressed in argument a.
A claim is defined as an assertion about the issue under discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a claim or not a claim
An argument is missing fairness if it fails to take into account all relevant aspects of the issue at hand. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argument is missing good faith if it displays a lack of sincerity, honesty and/or fair dealing. decide whether the argument lacks good faith or does not lack good faith
An argument is detrimental if it contains spelling mistakes or grammatical errors and uses language that is not appropriate for a serious discussion. how would you rate the orthography of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the following sentence an argumentative claim?
A large collection of arguments on a given topic can be used to form a concise summary from the key points. does the following key point match the given argument?
Missing commitment means that the text is too vague, general or abstract and/or that the author does not express his/her opinion clearly enough. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or not missing commitment
What kind of attack relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between rebuttal, undercutter and no attack relation. attacks in this scheme can have two types: rebuttals and undercutters. the former attacks the conclusion of an inference, whereas the latter attacks the connection between the reason and the conclusion of an inference. that is, undercutters deny that the reason supports the conclusion. rebuttal: for an elementary unit x to be a rebuttal for a proposition y, it must provide counter-evidence against y. for example, “the product arrived damage[d],”(y). undercutter: for an elementary unit x to be an undercutter for a proposition y, it must weaken the relationship between y and its supporting propositions. for example, “i own sennheisers, bose, ludacris souls, beats, etc.”(x).
An argument is generally well written when it has good spelling and grammar, does not have many typos, and uses words correctly. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the acceptability of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability - unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the general writing quality of the argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given as input two claims, decide whether they have the same stance or opposite stances.
The credibility of an argumentation should be seen as high if the author comes across as credible and trustworthy, e.g., by showing expertise, fairness, reasonableness and good will. it should be seen as low if rather the opposite holds. notice that you should not judge about the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation, but you should decide whether the argumentation creates trust in the author’s competence, integrity and benevolence—or not. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is said to appeal to emotions instead of reason if it tries to sway people's opinions through emotional manipulation rather than rational argumentation. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument appeals to emotions instead of reason or does not appeal to emotions instead of reason
For each of the following arguments, decide if it is intended to persuade someone (persuasive) or not (not persuasive). if you think the author intends to convince us clearly about his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic, select "persuasive". otherwise, select "not persuasive".
An argument is toxic due to emotions if it contains language that expresses negative emotion toward another participant or group of participants in the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic due to emotions or is not toxic due to emotions
An argument is missing clarity if the argument is hard to follow because it is disorganized or unclearly expressed. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argument is detrimental orthography if it is inappropriate because of spelling errors or grammatical mistakes that make it hard to read. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is detr
An argument is toxic if it appeals to negative emotions. decide whether the following argument is toxic or not.
Given a review of a product/service, your task is to score the helpfulness of this review on a scale from 0 (lowest) to 4 (highest).
An argumentation should be seen as clear if it presents its content in a simple and understandable manner. notice that clarity concerns both the wording and the structure of the argumentation. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as clear if the author’s line of thought is easy to follow and understand. this includes that the used premises are clearly connected to each other, so that you can easily see how they relate to each other in order to support the conclusion. how would you rate the clarity of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument lacks commitment if the writer shows no clear intention to support their standpoint. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment.
An argument is missing commitment if it is inappropriate because it contains claims or premises that lack conviction or do not have any value for the argumentation. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
An argumentation should be seen as transparent if the structure of the argumentation becomes apparent for the reader. this means that the relations between the different parts of the argumentation are clear and that the argumentation does not contain any contradictions or inconsistencies. how would you rate the transparency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are globally novel when they contribute new knowledge about the topic by adding something beyond what was stated in the premise. is the conclusion globally novel?
An argument is considered appropriate if it uses language that supports the creation of credibility and emotions, and if its use of language is proportional to its topic. given an argumentative claim and a reason along with context information on the debate, rewrite the claim such that it improves in terms of text quality and/or argument quality, and preserves the meaning as far as possible.
Identify whether a given claim is for or against the debate topic.
The sufficiency of an argumentation depends on its ability to convince the intended target audience by providing adequate evidence and reasoning. it can also depend on the amount of information provided by the argumentation. how would you rate the sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b), decide which of them has better credibility/reliability/confidence.
Given the following claim, decide which of these statements is true: the claim... ...explicitly attacks a person. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks a person. ...makes no use of an ad hominem attack. ...vaguely/implicitly supports a person. ...explicitly supports a person.
Given a pair of arguments, predict if they are similar in terms of their stance towards the topic.
The quality of an argument is high if all its premises are acceptable and relevant. however, even if one premise is not acceptable or relevant, the overall quality may still be good, depending on how important this premise is to the conclusion. how would you rate the overall quality of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as convincing if it persuades you of the author’s stance. notice that you may see an argumentation as globally or locally acceptable even though it does not convince you. how would you rate the convincingness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argumentative discourse unit, produce a text that argues for or against the content of the discourse unit.
A good argument should not contain any grammatical errors. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has grammatical errors or does not have grammatical errors.
Toxic emotions are negative feelings such as anger, fear, sadness, etc., that can interfere with a person's ability to think clearly and make rational decisions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
Argument conclusions are strong if they have enough information to make an inference about the issue at hand. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a stronger than conclusion b?
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if its premises and conclusion are true or at least plausible. you should be open to see an argumentation as acceptable even if it does not match your stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information seem reasonable in light of common knowledge and/or the given context. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are acceptable if they contain content that is acceptable to the target audience. is the conclusion acceptable?
An argument is said to misuse statistics if it misrepresents numbers or distorts figures to suit its own agenda. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument misuse statistics or not
An argument is missing relevance if it does not contribute meaningfully to the discussion. for instance, this could be because the author’s comment just repeats other comments or because the author presents a claim that is unrelated to the topic of the debate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance.
You are given a topic and two arguments with different stances on this topic. your task is to form an argument toward the question that supports the given stance
Identify the stance of an argument towards a given topic.
Given two comments on the same topic, determine which one is better in terms of clarity and persuasiveness.
An argument is missing intelligibility if it contains a severe spelling mistake, an unintelligible word, or a sentence fragment that makes it impossible for you to understand its content. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing intelligibility or not missing intelligibility.
Given the following two adus, determine whether they are directly related in an argumentative
Given two arguments (a and b), determine which one has higher quality in terms of the clarity of its claims.
An argument is missing commitment if it does not commit to a position on the topic, but only provides background information without making a clear claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
You are given a stance towards the question “should we build a wall on the border of mexico and united states?” your task is to form a persuasive argument toward this question that supports your stance.
An argument is missing premises if it lacks the necessary premise(s) for a reader to understand how its conclusion follows from its premise(s). given the following arguments and their topic, decide whether the argument lacks premises or does not lack premises.
Write an article that argues for or against the following topic.
Given the following argument, does it contain a strawman fallacy?
Given two claims, determine which claim is more
An argument is detrimental if it contains one or more words that are not suitable for polite discussion (e.g., swear words). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography
An argumentation should be seen as globally relevant if its content contributes to the resolution of the given issue. notice that relevance is not about being on topic but about contributing to the resolution of the discussed issue. how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
What kind of fallacy is present in the following argument?
Does the following argument clause contain an implicit premise?
An argument is missing intelligibility if it lacks comprehensibility or coherence, i.e., it is either incomprehensible or its parts do not fit together in a logical manner. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
Identify the pathos that appeals to emotions in the given argument.
A straw man argument is a misrepresentation of an opponent’s position that makes it easier to attack than the actual position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits straw man fallacy or does not commit straw man fallacy
Given an argument, identify if it is a genetic fallacy argument (dismissing an argument based solely on its origin or source) and select the type of quality issue from the defined set (typo or grammar correction, clarified claim, corrected or added links, clarified argument, other) that should be improved when revis
Given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason, provide an example that supports the warrant of this particular argument.
Would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because its author’s stance on the topic is unclear.
Argument conclusions are strong if there is a clear logical inference between the premise and the conclusion. is the conclusion strong?
Given two arguments from different sides of a debate, determine whether they attack each other or not.
Given as input an argumentative claim and a set of beliefs, generate a sentence tailored to the beliefs such that it improves in terms of persuasiveness.
Given the following two arguments, determine whether they have the same structure.
Given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), determine which one has better quality in terms of text quality and/or argument quality. the task can be performed on either single-argument level or pair-wise comparison between two arguments.
In this task you will be asked to identify the central claim from the following argumentative text.
An argumentation should be seen as dialectically effective if it makes a positive contribution to the resolution of the given issue by adequately addressing the arguments from other participants in the debate. how would you rate the dialectical effectiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic and a position on it, generate 5-6 counterarguments that refute the position.
An argument is misleading if its components (claims and premises) seem to be connected logically, but there is some crucial missing premise that would make the argument invalid. decide whether the argument is misleading or is not misleading
The credibility of an argumentation can be defined as how well the audience perceives the competence and trustworthiness of the author. how would you rate the credibility of the author on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if it supports a proper development of the discussion and helps to follow the presented reasoning. in your view, the way the arguments are ordered and connected should support a good understanding of how the author develops his/her point of view. a proper development of the discussion means that the order of the arguments and their connections allow to understand why the author presents them within the given context. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it uses vague language, jargon, technical terms, acronyms etc. that may be difficult for laypeople to understand without proper explanations or definitions provided beforehand.
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if it is an appropriate response to the immediately preceding utterance. please judge about local acceptability according to whether there is a good connection between the author’s argumentation and the previous utterance in the debate. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic and an argumentative claim, generate a book review that critically evaluates a published work related to the issue under consideration.
In order for an argument to count as relevant, its conclusion must have some bearing on the topic under discussion. that is, the conclusion must either support one side of the debate over another, or at least provide evidence that supports one side of the debate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has relevant content or does not have relevant content
Given two arguments a and b, predict which one is more convincing. consider that both arguments have been written by the same author.
Identify all sentences that contain at least one key point (a small set of talking points that can be used to form a concise summary from a large collection of arguments on a given topic).
Given an argument, detect the stance taken in the argument towards the topic of discussion.
Given two arguments on a topic, decide which is stronger and why (e.g., more evidence or better reasoning).
An argument is well-reasoned if it provides reasons for its claims and makes sure that these reasons are understandable and acceptable to the audience. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of being well-reasoned?
An argument is not well-grounded if it relies on false, misleading, unverified information or unsubstantiated opinions that are unlikely to be true. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks well-groundedness or does not lack well-groundedness
An argument is missing relevance if there is a gap between the premises and conclusion, i.e., the premises do not support the conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance.
You are given two arguments on the same topic. determine which of the two is more convincing.
A conclusion should be supported by sufficient evidences. it would be unconvincing if there is no support for the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sufficient support or does not lack sufficient support.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it provides premises that can be accepted by everyone from the expected target audience. notice that this does not mean that all readers have to fully agree with the argumentation. it may still be possible to criticize some aspects of the argumentation. however, please try to assess whether the argumentation appears acceptable overall to any reader from the expected target audience who tries to understand what is said. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is not well informed if it lacks the knowledge or understanding of a topic needed to make an adequate argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks well informedness or does not lack well informedness
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate an argumentative claim tailored to the beliefs. topic: capital punishment beliefs: death penalty deters crime; death row inmates deserve punishment; executing murderers sends a clear message to society
Is the following argument globally sufficient or insufficient?
Argument conclusions are valid if they follow from the premise, meaning a
A premise is a statement that supports the conclusion of an argument. given the premises below: is premise a better than premise b in terms of relevance?
Given the following argumentation and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the author’s argumentation has unclear meaning or does not have unclear meaning.
Given the following passage from an article about climate change. how would you rate its objectivity on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is black and white thinking fallacy if it sees things as either good or bad, right or wrong, etc. with no room for nuance. for example: either you’re with us or against us. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits black and white thinking fallacy or does not commit black and white thinking fallacy.
An argument has weak support if some of its evidence or reasons are unreliable or unconvincing. decide whether the argument has weak support or does not have weak support
An argument is missing relevance if it fails to connect to the topic under discussion. the connection between the main point and the supporting points may be too vague or tenuous for the reader to see how they are related. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is inappropriate because of detrimental orthography if it contains severe orthographic errors such that they hinder understanding the meaning of the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is inappropriate due to detrimental orthography or not inappropriate due to detrimental orthography
The style of an argumentation should be seen as vivid if it uses various stylistic devices like metaphors, personifications, rhetorical questions etc. the used language should make it easy for you to imagine what is being said. how would you rate the vividness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Determine whether the author’s argumentation shows any signs of personal bias towards their own opinion (e.g., due to ideological beliefs). how strong is this potential influence when judging about reasonableness—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. in doubt, give more credit to global acceptability and global relevance than to global sufficiency due to the limited feasibility of the latter. would you rate the presence of personal biases in the author’s argumentation as low ("1"), average ("2") or high ("3")?
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if its premises provide adequate support for the conclusion. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the sufficiency of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” local sufficiency - unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it avoids common mistakes such as straw man arguments, ad hominem attacks, false dilemmas, slippery slope fallacies or other types of faulty reasoning.
An argument should be seen as well-structured if the used language appears logically coherent and easy to follow within the overall argumentative discourse. the choice of words and the grammatical complexity should appear suitable for the discussed issue within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue). how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the following link useful for supporting the argument?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is better because its premises are less questionable, more convincing, and more relevant than those in argument b.
An argument has missing logic if the reasoning behind it is difficult to understand, or its premises are not clearly connected with its conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks logic or does not lack logic
Argument strength refers to the strength of the argument an essay makes for its thesis. an essay with a high argument strength score presents a strong argument for its thesis and would convince most readers. score the argument strength of the given argumentative essay using the
An argument is detrimental orthography if it shows strong disregard for written conventions such as spelling, punctuation and capitalization. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography
An argument has unverified sources if some of its claims are based on unreliable sources or lack references. decide whether the argument has unverified sources or does not have unverified sources.
Given a conclusion and a premise, decide whether they are linked by a logical inference (valid) or not (invalid).
Argument conclusions are persuasive when they effectively convince readers to agree with their point of view. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of persuasiveness?
Relevance means that the argument provides reasons that are relevant to the issue being discussed. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or relevant
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if it provides support for the standpoint at issue. a standpoint can be defined here as a position adopted by someone, which is intended to be accepted by others. it may be expressed directly or indirectly. please judge about relevance according to whether the content of the argumentation relates to the standpoint at issue. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Generate an argument that supports the given claim for the given stance ("for" or "against").
An argument is spam if it is completely unrelated to the current discussion and posted only to promote some product or service. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is spam or is not spam
An argument has confusing wording if its language makes it difficult to understand what exactly it says. decide whether the argument has confusing wording or does not have confusing wording
Given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason, predict if they are members of the same argument or not.
An argument should be seen as well-structured if it is easy to follow, i.e., if its premises are clearly stated and logically connected. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument lacks proper rebuttal if it does not properly address points made by the other side of the debate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks proper rebuttal or does not lack proper rebuttal
An argument has missing commitment if it expresses a lack of commitment to the issue under discussion, such as by using hedges, questions, uncertainty expressions, or otherwise non-committal statements. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
An argument should be seen as persuasive if it succeeds in persuading you of the author’s stance on the discussed issue or—in case you already agreed with the stance before—if it corroborates your agreement with the stance. you may take into account all aspects of the argumentation. in particular, you can consider the quality of the arguments, but you may also take into account other factors such as the credibility of the author or the emotions expressed in the argumentation. if you are not persuaded by the argumentation, decide whether this is due to reasons related to the content of the argumentation or rather due to other reasons such as for example the writing style. if you are persuaded by the argumentation, decide whether you are convinced based on reasons related to the content of the argumentation or rather due to other reasons such as for example the writing style. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is detrimental logic if it contains logical fallacies such as circular reasoning, non sequitur etc., negatively affecting its soundness. decide whether the argument has detrimental logic or does not have detrimental logic
The task is to determine how acceptable the author’s argumentation is to everyone from the expected target audience, where 1 means that it is unacceptable and 3 means that it is very acceptable. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing logic if the premises are not related to each other or do not support the conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks logic or does not lack logic
For each of the three topics below, provide a list of key points that could be used to form a concise summary of the arguments on that topic. each key point should be accompanied by a stance label indicating whether the key point supports or opposes the topic.
An argument is missing sufficiency if it does not provide enough information for readers to assess the strength of the evidence provided. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
Given the following two arguments, decide which one is more relevant to the given topic: argument a argument b topic:
Given an argumentative claim, predict its stance (pro/con) towards the corresponding big issue from the context of the debate it was made in.
You are given a question, stance towards this question and an argument that supports this stance. your task is to come up with a counter-argument against the given argument
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if each part of it (issue, arguments, conclusion) pertains to the discussion at hand. in particular, the relevance of an argument depends on how strongly it supports the claim it is supposed to support. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the type of fallacy committed by the author in the given argumentation.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it is based on premises that are generally accepted by the expected target audience. in order to judge about global acceptability, you may rely on your own knowledge and experience (including common sense), but you should also consider how other people might think. you should not take into account whether an argumentation matches your stance on the issue. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is constructive if it provides a new perspective on the issue, or if it adds to previous arguments by providing additional information. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in: decide whether the argument is constructive or not constructive.
The tone of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if it matches with how credibility and emotions are created via the content of the argumentation. you should judge the extent to which the choice of words and the grammatical complexity reflect the seriousness of the discussed issue within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue). how would you rate the appropriateness of the tone of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The quality of an argumentation depends on various factors. we will now ask you to evaluate different aspects of the author’s argumentation using rating scales from 1 (low) to 3 (high). for each aspect, please choose one number on the respective scale according to your personal impression. please note that we do not expect you to have expertise regarding these issues; rather, we want to learn about your subjective impressions. also, please note that we are interested in your opinion regarding this particular argumentation and not your general attitude towards the discussed issue.the first aspect refers to the global relevance of the argumentation. you should be open to see an argumentation as relevant even if it does not match your stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information are worthy of being considered within the discussion of the issue.how would you rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the given argument an appeal to emotion?
Generate multiple key points on the given topic and provide the stance of each key point towards the topic. a small set of talking points, termed key points can be used to form a concise summary from a large collection of arguments on a given topic.
The appeal to authority fallacy occurs when someone cites an authority figure or expert as proof that their claim is true without providing any evidence to back up the claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses appeal to authority or does not use appeal to authority.
The given clause is an objection.
An argument is a fallacy of relevance if it contains an irrelevant reason. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument is a fallacy of relevance or not a fallacy of relevance
Does the given clause contain a premise?
The credibility of an argumentation should be seen as high if the author seems to know what he or she is talking about and appears trustworthy. the credibility can, in your view, also depend on how much you agree with the arguments that are presented. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has poor grammar if it contains errors in spelling, punctuation, syntax, or usage that make it difficult to read or understand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has poor grammar or does not have poor grammar
An argument is offensive if it includes words or phrases that are likely to offend someone based on their race, gender, sexual orientation, religious beliefs, or other similar characteristic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is offensive or is not offensive
An argumentation should be seen as clear if it uses language that is easy to understand and avoids unnecessary complexity. please judge about clarity according to whether the wording used in the argumentation appears suitable for the audience and setting. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
In this task you will be shown a list of 6 arguments on a particular debate topic. for each pair of arguments, decide whether they have the same stance or not.
An argumentation should be seen as successful in appealing to emotions if it appeals to feelings such as fear, pity, anger, love, joy, etc., so as to make its audience feel these emotions. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you think the argumentation is neutral with respect to emotional appeal, then do not judge it to be not successful. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in appealing to emotions on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Compare two versions of the same claim and determine which one provides stronger support for its position.
An argument is emotionally supportive if the emotions appealed to are used as tools to build consensus, encourage further discussion, or facilitate understanding. decide whether the argument is emotionally supportive or not emotionally supportive
In the following debate, one person wrote a comment in support of another person's argument. please read both posts and then choose which statement best describes what happened: the comment... ...explicitly supports the argument. ...vaguely/implicitly supports the argument. ...makes no use of the argument. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks the argument. ...explicitly attacks the argument.
An argument has insufficient evidence if it lacks sufficient supporting information to make a convincing case. decide whether the argument has insufficient evidence or does not have insufficient evidence
The author's position on the topic can be seen as consistent if they express their opinion clearly and do not contradict themselves throughout the text. how would you rate the consistency of the author’s position on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments on a topic, decide which one provides better evidence for their stance towards the topic.
An argument conclusion is strong if it is supported by sufficient evidence, meaning that there are enough pieces of evidence for the claim. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a stronger than conclusion b in terms of strength?
An argument has false premises if one or more of its premises are incorrect. decide whether the argument has false premises or does not have false premises
An argument is missing intelligibility if it cannot be understood by an average reader, e.g., because it is written in poor english, uses jargon without explanation, or lacks logical coherence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
An argument is missing logic if it does not follow any rules of logical inference or if you cannot identify how the author’s premises support their claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks logic or does not lack logic
Given the following two argumentative discourse units, determine whether they form a claim-premise relation
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it relies too much on personal opinions, anecdotes, beliefs, generalizations or unverified claims rather than using reliable sources such as scientific studies or official statistics.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as emotional if it uses a language that is not neutral and has the potential to affect feelings. this includes e.g. sarcasm, irony or exaggerations (e.g., "the most important..."), but also words with negative connotations like “shameful” or “disgusting”. how would you rate the emotionality of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has circular reasoning if it relies on itself as proof without offering any new insights or justifications. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it commits the fallacy of equivocation, or uses words in more than one sense without making clear which meaning is intended.
An argument's premise can be ambiguous if it is unclear or vague, making it difficult to determine what the author is saying about the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has ambiguous premise or does not have ambiguous premise
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative claim that would be most likely to persuade someone who holds a certain belief.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it is poorly written. ### citation information if you find this dataset useful, please cite: @inproceedings{shen2022towards, title={towards computational argumentation tasks: identifying premises and conclusion arguments}, author={shen, jiaao and stab, christian and habernal, ivan}, booktitle={proceedings of the conference of the north american chapter of the association for computational linguistics: human language technologies}, year={2022} }
An argument is missing relevance if the premises do not support the claim or there is no clear link between them. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is insufficiently informed if it shows lack of knowledge or awareness. how would you rate the insufficiency of information in the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the main reason why argument b is less convincing than argument a is because the reasoning chain from premise to claim is missing, incomplete, or unclear.
Given a claim and a reason, select all correct rebuttals for this particular argument.
Given a topic and some background information, generate an argumentative essay that supports one side of the debate.
An argument has missing commitment if it lacks sufficient evidence to support its claims. decide whether the given argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment.
An argument has misleading emotions if the appealed emotions are deceptive in terms of what they convey about the topic and/or author’s attitude towards the topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is misleading or not misleading.
An argument is logically deceptive if it contains a logical fallacy, i.e., an error in reasoning that makes the argument invalid or unsound. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive.
You are given a topic and the following two arguments. which of these arguments is more convincing?
An argument is missing fairness if it contains personal attacks against the opponent, or misrepresents the opponent's position. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argument is overgeneralization if it applies general rules too broadly without considering exceptions. is there a problematic overgeneralization at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Given the following comment, decide which of these statements is true: the argument is... ...clearly understandable. ...vaguely/implicitly understandable. ...not understandable.
An argumentative text can be seen as globally convincing if it helps to arrive at an ultimate conclusion regarding the discussed issue. you should be open to see an argumentation as convincing even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information provide
An argument has insufficient evidence if there are no facts provided to support the claims made by the author. decide whether the argument has insufficient evidence or does not have insufficient evidence
An argument conclusion is considered novel when it contains premise-related content and/or combination of the content in the premises in a way that goes beyond what is stated in the premise. in other words, the conclusion should contain information that cannot be found directly in the premises. is this conclusion novel?
An argumentation should be seen as logically convincing if it provides good reasons for its conclusion and does not contain any obvious fallacies. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the correctness of the author’s arguments, then do not judge him or her to be not logically convincing—unless you explicitly think that there are logical mistakes in his or her reasoning. how would you rate the logical convincingness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the counterarguments to an argument.
An argumentation should be seen as locally coherent if its sentences and paragraphs follow a logical order and are well connected by appropriate discourse markers. furthermore, all claims made in the argumentation should be supported by adequate evidence. how would you rate the local coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the used premises logically lead to the conclusion without introducing any new information that has not been mentioned before. furthermore, the used premises should be related to the discussed issue and suitable for supporting the author's claim. the type of reasoning should also be adequate for the discussed issue. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are obvious when they do not contain novel content compared to their premises (i.e., either because they state what is already stated in the premises or because they are tautological). is the conclusion obvious?
Given a topic, a claim that contradicts this topic, and a comment on this claim decide which of these statements is true: the comment... ...explicitly attacks the claim. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks the claim. ...makes no use of the claim. ...vaguely/implicitly supports the claim. ...explicitly supports the claim.
An argumentation should be seen as precise if it adequately specifies its claims and reasons. please judge about precision according to how well the used words appear suitable for expressing the intended meaning. how would you rate the precision of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is intelligible if its meaning is clear and relevant to the topic and its reasoning is understandable. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
A good argument should have premises that are supported by facts or evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks evidence or does not lack evidence.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each individual premise is adequately supported by reasons, i.e., by other premises that are in turn either supported by further premises or assumed to be true. notice that local sufficiency may depend on the background knowledge of the audience, e.g., for an expert audience fewer things need to be justified than for laypeople. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether all premises of an argumentation that you see are sufficiently supported. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has vague meaning if its content is ambiguous such that it could mean several things related to the issue, without making clear which one is intended. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has vague meaning or does not have vague meaning
Given two arguments on a topic, decide whether one directly attacks the other (i.e., rebuttal).
Given a claim and evidence, generate an argumentative conclusion.
Decide which one of the two arguments below (argument a or argument b) provides more facts, support, credible evidence, clear explanation.
An argument has no reasoning if it does not contain any premise that supports the claim. decide whether the given argument has reasoning or does not have reasoning.
Given the following argument, decide which of these statements is true: the author uses a logical fallacy in their argument. ...the author makes use of an appeal to emotion in their argument. ...the author appeals to authority in their argument. ...the author does not make any use of rhetorical devices in their argument.
An argument is well-structured if it contains clear premises, warrants, claims and rebuttals that are easy to follow and understand (it could also be an unrelated issue). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well structured or is not well structured
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains an instance of “red herring” fallacy. red herring involves distracting attention away from the main issue by bringing up irrelevant information. for example: "we should not worry about climate change because people used to believe the earth was flat."
Given the following argument, determine whether it contains a premise or not.
An argument is ethically deceptive if the author uses unfair tactics such as personal attacks, appealing to fear, or manipulating emotions to win the argument. decide whether the argument is ethically deceptive or not ethically deceptive
An argument is confusing if its components (claims and premises) seem not to be connected logically. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is confusing or is not confusing
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative essay outlining the steps needed to achieve a resolution.
Decide if the author’s use of emotion has the effect of undermining or strengthening their argumentation. how would you rate the effectiveness of the author's use of emotions on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as successful in creating emotions if it conveys arguments and other information in a way that makes the audience feel certain feelings, e.g., by expressing or provoking sympathy for someone or something. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the author’s success in creating emotions, then do not judge him or her to be not successful. how would you rate
Given a premise (i.e., evidence) and conclusion (i.e., claim), determine if the two units are connected by any argumentative relation (e.g. support or attack).
Generate multiple key points on the given topic and provide the stance of each key point towards the topic.
Determine which of the two arguments (argument a and argument b) is better supported by facts, statistics, quotes, studies, etc.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as aggressive if it uses offensive language and/or implies personal attacks against others, e.g., by denigrating their character or credibility. it should be seen as non-aggressive if rather the opposite holds. how would you rate the aggressiveness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The author’s arguments are convincing if they make you agree with his/her position on the issue under discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is convincing or not convincing.
An argument is fallacious when the author uses logical fallacies as deceptive tricks to win, derail, or end the discussion. decide whether the argument contains a logical fallacy or not
An argumentation should be seen as reasonable if it presents its arguments in a way that makes sense to you and avoids contradictions within itself. it may still contain single arguments that do not convince you or are even wrong; however, such arguments should at least be presented in a consistent manner. how would you rate the reasonableness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a list of premises and conclusions, determine which conclusion follows from the premises. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
A fallacy is defined as any error in reasoning, which can be used intentionally or unintentionally by someone attempting to convince another person of their viewpoint. is there a problematic fallacy at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument is missing relevance if its premises do not contribute to the acceptance or rejection of the argument’s conclusion. in other words, if they are irrelevant, i.e., off-topic, too general or specific, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
The credibility of an argument should be seen as high if the author appears trustworthy, knowledgeable, and unbiased, whereas low credibility implies the opposite. when judging about the credibility of the author, consider all available information from the given context, including the content of the argumentation itself. notice that you can assess the credibility of the author even though you do not personally agree with all of her/his claims. how would you rate the credibility of the author of the argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it provides enough support for all claims made in it. notice that this does not necessarily mean that every single premise needs to be accepted; rather, there may be cases where some premises remain controversial but still contribute to making other parts of the argumentation more plausible. please judge about global acceptability according to whether you find most claims supported well enough by reasons provided so far. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has toxic language if it contains insulting, threatening, profane, obscene, vulgar, racist, sexist, homophobic, hateful, derogatory, abusive, aggressive, harassing, violent, bullying, and/or offensive language. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic.
Premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if you do not see any problems with them (e.g., factual errors, unwarranted assumptions, lack of credibility). how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
In order to judge the emotional force of an argumentation, consider the emotions that you think the author wants to convey to you by means of his or her argumentation. also take into account the emotions that you feel when reading the argumentation. how would you rate the emotional force of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments a and b, decide which of the following statements about them is true:
An argument has insufficient content if some of the sentences do not provide enough information or evidence to support the claim. decide whether the argument has insufficient content or does not have insufficient content
Inappropriate language: an argument contains inappropriate language if it uses toxic emotions, missing commitment or missing intelligibility. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions, missing commitment or missing intelligibility or none of the above.
An argument has misleading premises if its premises are presented in such a way that they mislead the audience about their truthfulness. decide whether the argument has misleading premises or does not have misleading premises
Given the following argument and a set of facts, determine which of these facts are most relevant to the argument.
An argument is irrelevant if the claims or premises it contains are not related to the issue under discussion. decide whether the argument has irrelevant reasoning or does not have irrelevant reasoning
An argument has self-contradiction if its content contradicts itself, another part of the same argument, or a previously made argument on the same side. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has self-contradiction or does not have self-contradiction
Given as input an argumentative claim, potentially along with context information on the debate, generate a counterclaim to the original claim. the generated counterclaim should be fluent, grammatical, coherent and plausible, and preserve the meaning as far as possible.
Argument conclusions are informative when they provide useful information that helps people understand the issue being discussed. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of informativeness?
An argument is missing respect if it is either insulting others by using inappropriate language or expressing contempt for other people’s opinions. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
An argument should be seen as having detrimental orthography if it has serious spelling and/or grammatical errors, negatively affecting its readability. decide whether the following statement is true or false: this argument has detrimental orthography
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it shows respect for other viewpoints even if they differ significantly from own opinions and encourages open dialogue instead of shutting down dissenting voices.
An argument is concise if only information directly related to the main point being discussed is included while unnecessary details are left out completely. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is concise or is wordy.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if its premises are acceptable to everyone from the expected target audience, i.e., they can be accepted by all of them in principle. notice that this does not mean that these persons would actually accept the premises in practice. it only means that there is no reason for any member of the expected target audience to reject one or several of the premises. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argumentative claim, rewrite the claim such that it becomes less offensive while preserving its meaning as far as possible.
A claim is defined as a statement that expresses an opinion, belief, attitude, feeling, mood or sentiment about a particular entity (e.g., person, product, organization). is there a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
The argumentative structure of an argumentation is the way in which its elementary argumentative units are interrelated. a coherent argumentation should be seen as having a comprehensible and logical flow, e.g., by not contradicting itself or by supporting claims with appropriate premises. how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate a series of premises supporting a particular stance on the issue.
An argumentation should be seen as convincing if it succeeds in persuading you of the author’s stance on the given issue. notice that this depends both on your own position towards the issue and on the quality of the argumentation. how would you rate the overall persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A bandwagon fallacy occurs when someone argues that one should believe something because everyone else believes it. it is also sometimes called the appeal to popularity. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains bandwagon fallacy or does not contain bandwagon fallacy.
An argument has insufficient reasons if there is not enough evidence provided to support its claim. decide whether the argument has insufficient reasons or does not have insufficient reasons
Distinguish, whether the comment is well-structured regarding the discussed topic or not (not well-structured). the key question to answer is: are the ideas of the text well organized and easy to follow?
Identify all cases where an ad hominem attack occurs in the given text snippet
An argument has a cherry picking fallacy if it selects facts that support its position while ignoring those that do not. decide whether the argument has cherry picking fallacy or does not have cherry picking fallacy
An argument is disrespectful if it includes personal attacks, insults, sarcasm, or other forms of rudeness towards the opponent(s). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is disrespectful or respectful
An argument has weak reasoning if there are problems with how its components (claims and premises) connect logically. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has weak reasoning or does not have weak reasoning
The content of an argumentation should be seen as sufficiently specific if it provides sufficient details about the discussed issue. for example, instead of saying that “something went wrong” the author could specify what exactly went wrong. if something is claimed to be good/bad, then there should be at least some explanation why this is so. how would you rate the specificity of the content of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if it does not commit itself to one side of the debate. it may either express both sides equally strong, or it expresses neither side at all. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
An appeal to emotion uses emotions as the basis of an argument’s position without factual evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is an appeal to emotion fallacy or not an appeal to emotion fallacy
Is the given statement a factual premise?
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative claim that is tailored to the beliefs of a target audience.
A premise is irrelevant if it is unrelated to the topic of the discussion or its relevance is unclear. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains irrelevant premises or does not contain irrelevant premises
An argument has language issues if it uses bad grammar, humor, jokes or sarcasm. decide whether the argument has language issues or does not have language issues
An argument is vague if its meaning is unclear due to imprecise language or lack of specificity. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is vague or is not vague
Is the argument organized in a logical manner?
Given two arguments, determine whether one elaborates on the other.
Consider the two reviews below (review a and review b). would you agree with the following statement?review a is more convincing because it is not too short and uses strong language.
An argument is missing fairness if it misrepresents the arguments of others or uses selective use of sources and quotes to distort their meaning. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
Given a pair of claims, predict if one claim contradicts the other or not.
Given two arguments a and b on the same topic, decide which argument you find more convincing (a, b, or neither).
Given two arguments on a topic, decide whether they have similar or different stance towards the topic of the debate.
An argument is missing logic if it lacks a logical connection between the premises and the conclusion such that the conclusion does not follow from the premises. decide whether the argument lacks logic or does not lack logic
The following text contains two arguments. do you agree with the statement below?argument a is more convincing because it provides a better explanation of its conclusion.
Given a pair of statements, predict whether they contain opposing views or not.
An argument has non sequiturs if its premises lead to a conclusion that doesn’t follow naturally from them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has non sequiturs or does not have non sequiturs.
You are given an opinionated sentence and a stance toward this opinion. your task is to form a persuasive argument towards the opinion based on the given stance.
An argument conclusion is valid if it follows from the premises, meaning a logical inference links the premises to the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has valid conclusion or does not have valid conclusion
The author includes relevant examples and anecdotes to illustrate key points. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument includes relevant examples or does not include relevant examples.
An argument conclusion is relevant if it addresses the question being discussed. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of relevance?
An argument has a strawman fallacy if it misrepresents an opponent’s position by attacking something the opponent did not say or does not hold. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument has straw man fallacy or does not have straw man fallacy
An argument is a claim and its supporting reasons or evidence. it has three parts: conclusion (the point being made), premises (reasons for believing it) and inference (how those reasons lead to that belief). consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it provides better support for its main points through reasoning, examples, facts, explanations, etc.
Identify the most important assumption in a given argumentation.
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if it contributes to solving or clarifying the discussed issue. notice, however, that there may be cases where issues are clarified by showing that some approaches do not work well. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the type of argumentation in a given text fragment.
Identify the main claim in the text.
An argument is missing premises if its claim can not be inferred from the given premises. given the following argument, decide whether it lacks premises or does not lack premises.
Given the following argument and a claim, decide whether the claim is an argument conclusion or not.
An argument is missing objectivity if it presents only one side of an issue without considering alternative viewpoints or evidence. decide whether the following argument lacks objectivity or does not lack objectivity
An argument is seen as lacking coherence if it contains incoherent elements such as irrelevant premises or circular reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks coherence or not lack coherence
An argument is missing originality if it merely repeats a previously stated position without adding any new insight into the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks originality or does not lack originality
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if its premises are actually true and thus can be accepted by every reasonable person. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the truth of all premises, then do not judge them to be false. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has a fallacy if it commits an error in reasoning, such as appealing to emotions rather than facts or making false analogies. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has a fallacy or does not have a fallacy
An argument is said to contain a logical fallacy when the conclusion cannot be reached based on the premises provided in the argument. is there a logical fallacy at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). which one has stronger support for its conclusion? why?
Given a list of premises and conclusions, select the correct warrant that explains the reasoning from the premise to the conclusion. there are only two options given and
An argument has a biased language if its author uses biased words that might mislead readers. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has biased language or does not have biased language
An appeal to authority uses an authority’s opinion as evidence to support a claim. the authority may be an expert, celebrity, historical figure, organization, book, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits appeal to authority or does not commit
An argument has detrimental orthography if it contains typos or non-standard abbreviations that make reading more difficult for the reader. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is orthographic or not orthographic.
Given two sentences, determine whether they are premise and conclusion or not
What kind of attack relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between attack on reason and no attack relation. attack relations in this scheme can only exist between two subjective propositions. that is, an objective proposition cannot be attacked by another proposition. attack on reason: for an elementary unit x to be an attack on reason for a proposition y, it must provide a reason or a justification against y. for example, “the product arrived damage[d],”(x) and “it was a very good price.”(y).
Given the following two comments, decide whether they are connected by any rhetorical relation such as contrast or agreement.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). which argument would be more likely to convince someone that agrees with the topic?
An argument is appropriate if it contains relevant information that supports the topic. decide whether the following argument is appropriate or inappropriate.
Given a claim, its supporting premises, and a set of beliefs, generate counterarguments tailored to those beliefs.
An argumentation should be seen as convincing if it persuades its target audience to agree with its central claim. notice that you should judge about the persuasive effect of the author’s argumentation itself—not about the general plausibility of the central claim. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The conclusion of an argument is usually found at the end of the argument. identify the conclusion in the given argumentative text.
The author acknowledges potential weaknesses in his/her own position and addresses them head-on. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument acknowledges weaknesses or does not acknowledge weaknesses.
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate an argumentative claim that refutes another person's belief about that topic.
An argument conclusion is contentious when there are reasonable grounds for doubting its truth. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of contentiousness?
Argument conclusions are strong if they logically follow from their premises. decide whether the conclusion is strong or weak
An argument contains empty words if it is filled with meaningless phrases that are used to evoke emotions but do not add anything to the substance of the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains empty words or does not contain empty words
Given two arguments a and b, which one makes better use of logic?
An argument is based on logos if it tries to persuade by appealing to reason, rationality, logic, and critical thinking skills. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is based on logos or is not based on logos
An argument has contradictory reasoning if its premises contradict each other or if they lead to a conclusion different than the one stated by the author. decide whether the argument has contradictory reasoning or does not have contradictory reasoning
An argument is toxic emotions if it is inappropriate because of the use of toxic emotions in its content. decide whether the argument is toxic emotions or not toxic emotions
An argument is emotion-laden if the emotions appealed to are strong and often used as a way of evading rational discussion. decide whether the argument is emotion laden or not emotion laden
An argument is missing objectivity if it includes personal attacks, emotional appeals or fallacies that are not related to the topic. decide whether the argument lacks objectivity or does not lack objectivity
An argument is missing premises if it is incomplete, contains no reasons for its conclusion, and/or includes obvious gaps in reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks premises or does not lack premises
An argumentation should be seen as comprehensible if it is easy to follow the line of thought expressed in the argumentation. comprehensibility is important since an incomprehensible argumentation cannot be evaluated properly. please judge about comprehensibility according to whether you find the author's argumentation easy to understand. how would you rate the comprehensibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is flawed logic if it contains logical inconsistencies or contradictions within its premises or conclusions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is flawed logic or sound logic.
Consider the argument below. would you agree with the following statement?this is a good argument because it uses reasons that are relevant to the conclusion.
An argument is lacking credibility if it seems implausible or unbelievable for several reasons. for example, if the claim cannot be verified or proven to be true, if the claim is too general or exaggerated, if the source is unreliable or untrustworthy, or if the evidence is weak or irrelevant. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
Identify the implicit assumption(s) underlying the given argument.
An argument has faulty reasoning if its premises are not related logically to the conclusion or if they do not provide enough support for the conclusion. decide whether the argument has faulty reasoning or does not have faulty reasoning
An argument is oversimplified if it reduces complex issues down to simple terms or solutions, often ignoring important nuances or complexities involved in those issues. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument oversimplifies or does not oversimplify
Given a sentence and a topic, classify the sentence as a “supporting argument”, “opposing argument” or “non-argument”.
Does the argument use a metaphor?
Given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), which one would you prefer?
An argument is missing relevance if it does not discuss the issue, but derails the discussion implicitly towards a related issue or shifts completely towards a different issue.
A comment may contain several arguments; therefore, each argument can be judged independently from other arguments in the same comment. for instance, some arguments may be relevant, while others may lack relevance. the question asks for your judgment of the overall quality of all arguments in the comment with respect to their relevance. please take into account all arguments in the comment when making your decision. if you identify more than one argument in the comment, try to adequately weight the relevance of each argument when judging about their “aggregate” relevance - unless there are particular arguments that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Distinguish, whether the comment is a rhetorical question regarding the discussed topic or not (not rhetorical question). the key question to answer is: does the author intend to ask a question that does not expect an explicit answer?
Given a controversial topic and two beliefs, generate an argumentative claim that is tailored to the first belief while also contradicting the second belief.
An argument is missing commitment if it does not state a clear position on the issue under discussion. the lack of commitment can be due to vagueness or ambiguity in the wording used by the author. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Consider the following two arguments (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the conclusion of argument a follows from its premise(s).
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if its conclusion can be inferred from its premises. notice that this may require further implicit assumptions (e.g., general knowledge) and that some arguments are valid even without additional assumptions. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether the given conclusion follows from the premises of the argumentation. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the argument a deductive argument?
Is the argument informative and educational?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it has no evidence or source, not based on fact, does not support its argument with any relevant facts, statistics, research, etc., or uses an irrelevant fact as evidence.
An argument is said to be circular if it uses itself as a premise for itself. for example, the following argument is circular: given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is circular or not.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it conveys arguments and other information in a way that makes the author worthy of credence, e.g., by indicating the honesty of the author or by revealing the author’s knowledge or expertise regarding the discussed issue.
Is this argument acceptable? it can be unacceptable because of reasons not covered by detrimental orthography, toxic emotions, missing commitment and missing intelligibility. if you consider the argument inappropriate because of other reasons, please mark it as unclassified.
In order to evaluate the quality of an argumentation, you should consider several aspects: - how convincing are the arguments and information provided by the author? do they support the stance taken by the author with respect to the discussed issue? - are the arguments and information coherent and well-structured? is the flow of thoughts easy to follow? - are the arguments and information relevant for the resolution of the discussed issue? you should be open to see an argumentation as relevant even if it does not your match your stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information are worthy of being considered within the discussion of the issue. please rate the overall quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it does not have enough evidence, facts, sources, quotes, examples, citations, reasons, data, statistics, links, proof, references, studies, numbers, points, research, information, details, specifics, etc.
An argument has toxic knowledge if it contains false claims that can be verified by fact-checking tools such as politifact. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic
An argument is missing significance if it does not add anything new to the discussion, but repeats what has already been said by others or stated in other arguments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks significance or does not lack significance
Given an argument, decide how much evidence it provides on a scale from 0 (lowest) to 4 (highest).
Given two comments, determine whether they address the same issue.
An argumentation should be seen as fair if it considers all relevant information and viewpoints that have been raised within a given context. in other words, an argumentation should not ignore important aspects but address them appropriately. how would you rate the fairness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has insufficient warranting if it lacks support by appropriate sources such as empirical studies, statistics, expert opinions, etc., i.e., the premises lack grounds to accept them as true or plausible. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is insufficient warranting or does not have insufficient warranting
A claim that is specific makes a precise statement about something. it includes relevant details and information to support its point of view. how would you rate the specificity of the author’s claim on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is irrelevant if it is not related to the given issue at all, but instead addresses a different issue. consider the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or not irrelevant.
Generate an argumentative paragraph about the given topic.
Given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason, generate a warrant that explains reasoning of this particular argument. the generated warrant should be different from the provided examples.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as offensive if it contains swear words, insults, name-calling, threats, sarcasm or other impolite language. how would you rate the offensiveness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the arguments in the given text. an argument is a claim with reasons to support it.
Given an argumentative claim, decide whether it is a factual or opinionated statement (fact or opinion).
An argument is unconvincing because of poor reasoning if it presents illogical or flawed arguments that do not effectively support its position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is unconvincing because of poor reasoning or not unconvincing because of poor reasoning
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains an instance of “straw man” fallacy. straw man involves misrepresenting an opponent's position by substituting a distorted version of their view and then refuting this distorted version as if it were their actual view. for example: "my opponent wants to make abortion illegal even when the mother's life is in danger."
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it has no evidence, no explanation, not enough support, provides no facts, no clear reasons, no examples, no real arguments or is too short.
An argument can be seen as lacking logic if there is no logical connection between its premises and conclusions; i.e., one cannot logically derive any conclusion from given set of premises alone. this could happen due to missing links in reasoning chain or because some important assumptions were left out while formulating arguments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks logic or does not lack logic
Given two arguments, decide whether they are the same or not. two arguments are considered to be the same if their meaning is similar enough.
An argument is lacking confidence if it uses weak language (e.g., may) or expresses uncertainty (e.g., i’m not sure). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks confidence or does not lack confidence
Is there a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument has irrelevant reason if at least one of its premises is irrelevant for supporting the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has irrelevant reason or does not have irrelevant reason
An argument is missing intelligibility if it is not understandable by a human reader. this can be caused, for example, by typos or grammatical errors that make the sentence incomprehensible or by using too much jargon (e.g., technical terms) without explaining them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
Determine the stance of the given argument towards a given topic: supporting, opposing or neutral
The language used in the argumentation can contain detrimental orthography (e.g., spelling mistakes). how would you rate the level of detrimental orthography in the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Determine which of the two arguments (argument a and argument b) contains non-sense, illogical or confusing statements.
An argument is said to have insufficient context if it does not provide enough information for the reader to understand what is being discussed. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient context or does not have insufficient context.
Given a pair of comments, decide whether they belong to the same argumentation chain or not.
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if it is organized in a way that supports understanding the author’s reasoning. this includes the clear separation of claims and arguments, the clear identification of counter-arguments, the clear indication of the conclusion, etc. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the two arguments present opposing viewpoints on the same issue.
An argument has missing intelligibility if its meaning cannot be understood. this can happen because the author makes use of terms that are unknown to the reader or because the author uses vague language. it also includes cases where the argument lacks coherence so that it is difficult to understand how its parts relate to each other. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing intelligibility or does not have missing intelligibility
An argument is missing respect if it is either insulting others directly or indirectly by suggesting they are stupid or ignorant or does not contribute meaningfully to the discussion. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
Given a pair of arguments that are in disagreement, decide if they are contradictory or not
The author of the argument is trying to convince you that something is true, or not true. how would you rate how convincing this argument is on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is not relevant if its topic is different from the general issue of the debate or it does not contribute to solving the problem under discussion. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Are all the premises true in the given argument?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it uses rhetorical devices, such as repetition, parallelism, contrast, metaphor, analogy, irony, sarcasm, humor, exaggeration, understatement, allusion, citation, quotation, reference, etc.
A rebuttal is defined here as any argumentative discourse unit (adu) that would weaken the logic of a written argument. generate a new adu that weakens the given argument.
An argument is not relevant to a topic if it raises a different issue than what is being discussed in the debate. given the following argument and its topic, does the argument lack relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is unfounded if it relies solely on personal opinion or subjective beliefs rather than objective facts or empirical evidence. unfoundedness happens when people base their arguments on assumptions or conjecture instead of solid proof. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is unfounded or founded
Read the following two arguments:argument 1 (a) and argument 2 (b). then decide whether one of them is more convincing than another by answering the question below:
The given text is an argument. segment it into its elementary discourse units (edus), which are the fundamental components of an argument, and label them with their corresponding argumentation role: premise or conclusion.
Given an argumentative discourse unit (adu) and its corresponding conclusion, determine whether they are connected by an argumentative relation (e.g. support or attack).
The author engages the reader through active voice and vivid language. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument engages reader through active voice and vivid language or does not engage reader through active voice and vivid language.
Determine whether the following two argumentative discourse units (adus) are connected by any support relation.
Label each elementary argumentative unit as reference or as one of the proposition types fact, testimony, policy, and value. fact (proposition of non-experiential fact) is an objective proposition, meaning it does not leave any room for subjective interpretations or judgements. for example, “and battery life is about 8-10 hours.”. testimony (proposition of experiential fact) is also an objective proposition. however, it differs from fact in that it is experiential, i.e., it describes a personal state or experience. for example, “i own sennheisers, bose, ludacris souls, beats, etc.”. policy (proposition of
An argument has unclear reasoning if it is not clear how the premises are intended to support the conclusion. this could be due to an implicit premise that needs to be made explicit, or a lack of logical connection between the premises and conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has unclear reasoning or does not have unclear reasoning
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if all its premises are generally accepted by people who do not have a strong opinion on the discussed issue. notice that this does not imply that an argumentation has to be fully objective but only that it should avoid unjustified opinions which might offend other users. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is fallacious if it employs an invalid logical structure, such that the truth of the premises does not guarantee the truth of the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is fallacious or is not fallacious
An argument has missing intelligibility if the language used is not understandable to a reader. decide whether the argument has missing intelligibility or not
Given a set of data points, generate an argumentative claim that explains the relationship between the data points.
Argumentation is often used to convince others of our point of view. for example, when trying to persuade someone to vote for a certain candidate, we might use logical reasoning to support our position. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a is more convincing because it uses clear examples to back up its claims.
Identify the type of reasoning (logos vs. pathos) in the given argument
An argument is inappropriate if it includes severe orthographic errors, e.g., spelling mistakes or typos. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains severe orthographic errors or does not contain severe orthographic errors
Is the stated premise true?
An argumentative discourse unit (adu) can be seen as well-arranged if it presents the arguments and its conclusion in the right order. usually, the composed arguments should be clear before concluding about them. how would you rate the arrangement of the adu on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing acceptability if it relies on unacceptable premises, e.g., racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks acceptability or does not lack acceptability
An argument is an appeal to probability if it assumes that because something could happen, it is inevitable that it will happen. this sort of reasoning is fallacious because the fact that something can happen does not mean that it will happen. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is an appeal to probability or not an appeal to probability
An argument has a straw man reasoning if its premises attack a position that no one holds. decide whether the argument has straw man reasoning or does not have straw man reasoning
The quality of an argument depends on the relevance of its claims to the main topic under discussion. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the claims made by argument a are less relevant to the main topic than those made by argument b.
An argument is condescending if it talks down to others. decide whether the argument is condescending or not condescending
An argument is inappropriate if the language used supports neither credibility nor emotions as well as if it is disproportional to its topic. decide whether the argument is appropriate or inappropriate
The logic of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the used premises are relevant for the conclusion and sufficient to support it. in your view, there should be no logical flaws like false premises, irrelevant conclusions or fallacies. there also should be no missing premises which have to be assumed implicitly by the reader. notice that you should only consider the content of the given argumentation, ignoring any additional knowledge that might be available to you from outside the text. how would you rate the appropriateness of the logic of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a statement that expresses some opinion on a topic, decide whether it is an argument or not.
Would you agree that argument a is more convincing because it provides stronger evidence?
An argument should be seen as non-redundant if it does not repeat itself, i.e., when no information appears twice in different words. how would you rate the redundancy of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argument consisting of a claim and some premises, identify which premise supports the given claim. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
The task is to choose the most relevant warrant from the list of options for the given argument. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
The author’s argument contains two claims: claim a and claim b. how would you rate the quality of each individual claim on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is more convincing than argument a because it uses clear language free of jargon or technical terms that might confuse readers unfamiliar with the subject matter.
An argument has missing commitment if it does not show a clear position towards the conclusion or the main claim, e.g., it is balanced in cases where a one-sided opinion would clearly be possible, or the author seems undecided or hesitant. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if its individual components are related to each other. you should judge whether the given premise(s) provide(s) appropriate support for the conclusion drawn from them; whether the premises and/or conclusions relate to the topic of the issue discussed; and whether the provided evidence supports the corresponding claim. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a topic, generate a set of claims that express opinions about the topic.
Identify the topic of the given argumentation.
Argument conclusions are specific when they contain premise-related content that is specific enough to be verifiable, i.e., not too vague or abstract. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of specificity?
An argument has low credibility if the information source is not trustworthy or reliable, or if the evidence is not sufficient or relevant enough. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has low credibility or does not have low credibility
You are given two arguments (argument a and argument b) that have been made in response to a question. decide which of these two arguments is more convincing
Argumentation quality can be measured in terms of how convincing it is (i.e., its persuasiveness). how would you rate the author's argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a claim and several candidate warrants, select all the correct warrants that explain reasoning of this particular claim.
An argument is missing completeness if it lacks information for readers to understand what the argument is about, such as important assumptions, definitions, context, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks completeness or does not lack completeness
An argument contains circular reasoning if its premise(s) and conclusion are essentially equivalent. decide whether the argument contains circular reasoning or not.
An argument should be seen as logically valid if it is impossible for its premises to be true and its conclusion false at the same time, i.e., if you think that the truth of the premise(s) necessitates the truth of the conclusion (or, alternatively, that the falsity of the conclusion necessitates the falsity of one or more of the premises). if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight the logical validity of each conclusion when judging about their “aggregate” validity—unless there are particular conclusions that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. you should be open to see an argument as logically valid even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. how would you rate the logical validity of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if it does not present any evidence for the claims made or uses only very weak forms of support like "i believe", "in my opinion" etc. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument contains a straw man fallacy if it misrepresents an opposing position by exaggerating, distorting, or just completely fabricating it in order to make it easier to attack. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains straw man fallacy or does not contain straw man fallacy
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if it has a clear structure that makes it easy to follow its line of reasoning. please consider only the author’s original contribution (i.e., ignore comments) when judging about the quality of the structure. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as locally sufficient if its premises provide enough support for accepting the conclusion, i.e., if the conclusion follows logically from the premises. when judging about sufficiency, make sure that you take into account all of the author’s premises. also, consider how strongly the premises support the conclusion: do the premises guarantee the truth of the conclusion? or do they only provide some reason for believing the conclusion? if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weight the sufficiency of each argument when judging about their “aggregate” local sufficiency—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument commits hasty generalization fallacy if it makes a claim based on too small of a sample size. for example: “i saw two people in new york wearing hats, so everyone in new york must wear hats”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits hasty generalization fallacy or does not commit
Does the given claim contain an opinion?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it presents evidence, sources, references, quotes, citations, links, data, statistics, numbers, figures, facts, examples, cases, studies, surveys, research, polls, experiments, findings, results, proof, support, reason, justification or explanation.
An argument has toxic emotions if it is either aggressive by suggesting (explicitly or implicitly) that the author intends to harm or intimidate other users, disrespectful by suggesting (explicitly or implicitly) that the author does not respect a user's opinion, identity, belief, etc., or offensive by suggesting (explicitly or implicitly) that the author intends to offend a user. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotion or does not contain toxic emotion
Does the given clause belong to a premise or to a conclusion?
An argument commits a red herring fallacy if it introduces irrelevant information into the discussion in order to distract from the real issue. for example: we shouldn't ban guns because criminals will still get them anyway. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits red herring fallacy or does not commit red herring fallacy
An argument is clear if the meaning of each sentence can be inferred from the text itself without additional context information. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is clear or unclear.
An argument is missing premises if there are no clearly identifiable reasons, evidence, or support provided for the claim(s) made in the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing premises or not missing premises
The acceptability of an argument should be seen as a measure of how much you personally agree with its premises, i.e., whether you think they are true or false. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight your agreement with each premise when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. notice that you may see premises as acceptable even though you do not consider them sufficient for drawing the conclusion(s) of the argument. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a claim and a premise coming from the same document, determine if they are connected by a support relation.
Given a topic and some stance, generate an argument that supports the stance.
An argument is biased when the author presents only one side of the issue while ignoring alternative viewpoints or relevant counterarguments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is biased or is not biased
Evaluate the relevance of the provided evidence to the claim: "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
The coherence of an argumentation can be seen as appropriate if the given premises are related to each other in terms of their content, e.g., if they refer to similar aspects of the discussed issue and/or are logically connected to each other. how would you rate the appropriateness of the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is weakly supported if it relies heavily on assumptions or generalizations without providing sufficient evidence to back up those claims. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is weakly supported claims or not weakly supported claims
An argument is missing clarity if its structure is not clear, meaning the relationship between premise and conclusion is not clearly stated. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
Given as input an argumentative claim, potentially along with context information on the debate, generate a new claim that refutes the input claim while improving the overall text quality and preserving the original meaning as far as possible.
The edges representing arguments are those that connect argumentative discourse units (adus). the scheme distinguishes between supporting and attacking relations. supporting relations are normal support and support by example. attacking relations are rebutting attacks (directed against another node, challenging the acceptability of the
An argument is structured if its premises are clearly connected to each other and lead to a conclusion. is there an enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Identify the stance (pro or con) of each comment towards the corresponding big issue.
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if its claims are not disputed by the expected target audience of the given discussion. notice that an argumentation may contain some disputable claims while still being locally acceptable. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An attack relation between two arguments can be seen as relevant if it contributes to the acceptance or rejection of the attacked argument. you should be open to see an attack relation as relevant even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. how would you rate the relevance of the attack relation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is there a missing premise?
An argument is said to be well-supported if there are strong reasons for believing it to be true or correct. given as input two arguments (argument a and argument b), determine which of the two is more well supported.
Given the following two arguments, which of them has more objective claims?
Given a set of premises, generate an appropriate concession to acknowledge the opposing view.
You are given a question and two arguments supporting different stances towards this question. your task is to form a persuasive counter-argument toward one of these arguments
Given a set of argumentative claims, generate an argumentation to support or oppose the claim.
Argument relevance refers to the extent to which an argument is relevant to its topic. score the argument relevance of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not address the assigned topic or it is often unclear what the topic is) 1.5 2.0 (essay addresses the assigned topic but in a superficial way) 2.5 3.0 (essay addresses the assigned topic well and makes some interesting points about it) 3.5 4.0 (essay addresses the assigned topic very well and makes many interesting points about it)
Given two arguments and a topic, choose which one of them is more convincing or if they are equally convincing.
For each of the following sentences, choose one of the following options: supporting argument/claim: the sentence includes a relevant reason for supporting the given claim. opposing argument/claim: the sentence includes a relevant reason for opposing the given claim. non-argument/claim: the sentence does not include a reason or is not relevant to the given claim.
An argument is constructive if it makes a meaningful contribution to the discussion. decide whether the argument is constructive or not.
Argument quality can be defined as the extent to which an argument successfully convinces others to accept its conclusion. this depends on several factors, such as the relevance and strength of the evidence provided, the clarity and coherence of the reasoning presented, the credibility and expertise of the arguer, and so forth. how would you rate the overall quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
What kind of support relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between reason, evidence and no support relation. support relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions are supported in practical argumentation: reason and evidence. the former can support either objective or subjective propositions, whereas the latter can only support objective propositions. that is, you cannot prove
The credibility of an argumentation should be seen as high if it creates trust in the author among readers. high credibility means that readers believe that the author is honest, knowledgeable, and/or experienced concerning the discussed issue. low credibility means that readers have doubts about the honesty, knowledge, and/or experience of the author regarding the discussed issue. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the author’s credibility, then do not judge him or her to be not credible. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic, generate a list of considerate beliefs about
Identify all the premises from the following paragraph:
Given two claims and one premise, determine which of the two claims logically follows from the premise.
Argument premises are relevant when they support their conclusion, meaning that the premise provides evidence for the truth of the conclusion. given the following premise-conclusion pair: is premise a better than premise b in terms of relevance?
An argument is credible if it uses sources that are reliable and trustworthy. given the following argument, decide whether the argument is credible or not.
An argument is logically inconsistent if it contains contradictory statements, i.e., statements that cannot both be true at the same time. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is logically inconsistent or is not logically inconsistent
Given a claim, decide whether it can be considered to be phrased optimally or not.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it makes an attempt at providing references for the facts that it cites, while argument b does not make any such attempt.
An argument is weak analogy if it compares two things that are dissimilar in significant ways. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is weak analogy or strong analogy.
A straw man fallacy occurs when someone argues that a position is false/false by directing the argument against a different position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains straw man fallacy or does not contain straw man fallacy
An argument has irrelevant content if it addresses aspects of the discussed issue that do not contribute to the resolution of the issue, i.e., if it introduces information that is unrelated to the core question under discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has irrelevant content or does not have irrelevant content
An argument is overgeneralization if it applies a general rule to a specific case where it should not be applied. decide whether the argument has overgeneralization or does not have overgeneralization
A non-sequitur is defined here as any premise-conclusion pair where the former does not provide sufficient evidence for the latter. is there a problematic non-sequitur at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if it contains claims and premises whose contents match your own views on the issue at hand. you may also take into account whether you find certain claims and premises questionable but still acceptable given the context of the issue. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Arguments have unclear meaning when their content is vague, ambiguous, or implicit, such that it remains unclear what is being said about the issue (it could also be an unrelated issue). an example of an unclear meaning is “the government should take action”. this statement does not say anything about why the government should act or what actions they should take. it only says that they should do something. decide whether the given argument has unclear meaning or does not have unclear meaning.
An argument is missing commitment if it lacks any clear indication that its author commits to its claim(s), e.g., when it consists only of questions or rhetorical questions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
An argument has insufficient information if it lacks important information that would help to assess its acceptability or relevance. decide whether the argument has insufficient information or does not have insufficient information
An argument can be classified as toxic if it contains a negative emotion, e.g., anger, frustration, or sadness, that may harm others. this does not include arguments that contain neutral or positive emotions such as happiness, joy, or excitement. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic emotions or not toxic emotions
The given question can be answered by the following two arguments (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a provides more relevant information about the issue under discussion than argument b.
Determine if the following statement is true: argument a is more convincing because it has no typos, spelling mistakes or grammatical errors.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it assumes knowledge or experience that most people don't have, thus limiting its applicability beyond those who share similar backgrounds or perspectives.
A begging the question fallacy occurs when someone assumes something to be true that has not been proven to be true. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits a begging the question fallacy or does not commit a begging the question fallacy
In general, an argumentation should be seen as relevant if all parts are related to each other and also to the discussed topic. notice, however, that there may be some implicit relations between different parts. for instance, within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue), some parts may be clear (e.g., the issue) and thus left implicit. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Extract the premises from an argumentative paragraph.
Argument conclusions are acceptable when they follow logically from their premises. is the conclusion acceptable?
An argument is well-reasoned if its premises provide good evidence for accepting its conclusion. notice that there may be cases where the truth value of the premises is unclear. in those cases, please decide according to your personal judgement about their truth values. how would you rate the reasoning quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments a and b, determine which argument has better grammar and spelling.
Given two arguments a and b: does argument b contain more persuasive words than argument a?
An argument has irrelevant sources if the source of the premises does not provide relevant information. decide whether the argument has irrelevant sources or does not have irrelevant sources
The credibility of an argumentation should be seen as high if the author appears trustworthy, competent and benevolent. notice that this is a subjective judgement on how you perceive the author’s character based on his or her writing (the content) and style (e.g., language). how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Decide whether the following argument clause contains personal attacks (insults).
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative essay proposing a new solution to the problem.
Is the argument missing commitment?
Produce the most compelling argument you can for or against the following debate topic.
Given the following argument and a topic, classify the argument as a “supporting argument” if it includes a relevant reason for supporting the topic, or as an “opposing argument” if it includes a relevant reason for opposing the topic.
Given a sentence, classify it as “argumentative” if it includes a reason for supporting or opposing a particular point of view, or as “non-argumentative” otherwise.
Identify the rhetorical question from the given text.
Given the following comment, decide which of these statements is true: the comment... ...explicitly attacks an argument or its author. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks an argument or its author. ...makes no use of any arguments or authors. ...vaguely/implicitly supports an argument or its author. ...explicitly supports an argument or its author.
An argument is missing evidence if it does not provide enough or any facts, figures, statistics, examples, references, etc. decide whether the argument lacks evidence or does not lack evidence
An argument is cherry picking if it selects only those pieces of evidence that support its point while ignoring contradictory evidence. is there a problematic cherry picking at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
The quality of an argumentation should be seen as high if its content appears plausible and well-founded to you, i.e., if you find the reasons in support of the claim given in the conclusion credible and appropriate for supporting this conclusion. how would you rate the overall quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has toxic content if its claims are false or misleading, or if it relies on premises which cannot be verified or falsified. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic.
An argument commits hasty generalization fallacy if it draws conclusions based on insufficient evidence or limited examples. for example: “all politicians are corrupt because one politician was caught taking bribes”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits hasty generalization fallacy or does not commit
An argument has unclear meaning if it contains ambiguous words or sentences. decide whether the given argument has unclear meaning or does not have unclear meaning.
Given an argumentative discourse unit (adu), determine whether it is an attacking or supporting adu, i.e. does the author intend to convince us clearly about his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic?
An argument is missing relevance if the conclusion of an argument does not follow from its premises or if a premise of an argument is not relevant for its conclusion. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate an argumentative claim tailored to the beliefs along with supporting evidence for the claim and counter-arguments against the claim along with rebuttals to the counter-arguments.
An argument is missing premise if its conclusion is not supported by enough evidence. decide whether the argument lacks premise or does not lack premise
An argument is considered to be a personal attack if it attacks the person who made an argument rather than the argument itself. given the following comment and the topic of the debate the comment appeared in, decide whether the comment contains a personal attack or not.
An argument has toxic credibility if the authority appealed to in order to persuade readers is deceptive or cannot be verified without expertise beyond what most laypersons possess without explaining things in simpler terms first. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic.
An argument has an inadequate structure if there are no links between claims that show how they relate to each other or the main point. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has inadequate structure or does not have inadequate structure
We define an argument as fallacious if it uses faulty reasoning to come to a conclusion. it may be based on false assumptions, have logical flaws or use emotional appeals instead of sound logic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has fallacy or does not have fallacy
An argument is irrelevant if it has no relation to the issue in question (i.e., neither for nor against). given an argument and the topic of the debate that the argument appeared in, determine whether the argument is relevant or irrelevant to the topic
An argument has detrimental orthography if it has serious spelling and/or grammatical errors, negatively affecting its readability. does this argument have detrimental orthography or not?
Identify the premise(s) of the argument given below:
Distinguish, whether the comment is factual regarding the discussed topic or not (not factual). the key question to answer is: are there any factual claims that can be verified from other sources?
Given two arguments on a specific topic, determine which one is more convincing.
A well-structured argument is easily comprehensible because it is clearly organized by means of discourse markers and/or formatting features. it has a clear structure and does not contain unnecessary information. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a sentence and a topic, classify the sentence as an “argument” or “non-argument” if it includes a reason for supporting or opposing the topic.
An argument has no impact if it does not add new information to the discussion on the given topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks impact or does not lack impact.
An argumentation should be seen as well-constructed if it presents the given issue, the composed arguments, and its conclusion in a clear way. notice that you should not judge about whether the author’s arguments are correct or wrong (or whether the conclusions drawn from them are valid), but you should decide whether the author’s line of reasoning is understandable to you—or neither. how would you rate the construction of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is threatening if it implies or states that harm will come to someone if they do not agree with or comply with the speaker's demands. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is threatening or is not threatening
An argument is missing intelligibility if it is either ambiguous by suggesting (explicitly or implicitly) that the meaning of the text can be interpreted in different ways or irrelevant by suggesting (explicitly or implicitly) that the content of the text has no relation with the topic at hand. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
Given an argument consisting of a claim and a reason, determine if the reasoning behind this particular argument can be classified as deductive or inductive.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as concise if it is expressed in a way that avoids unnecessary complexity and deviation from the discussed issue. it should contain no more information than necessary to make its point. how would you rate the conciseness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the following statement about a pair of arguments (argument a and argument b): "argument b is less convincing because it is off-topic or doesn't address the issue." based on this statement, determine whether argument b is more convincing than argument a.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains irrelevant information, goes off topic, has a wrong focus, is beside the point, not related to the issue, does not address the question, etc.
Identify the stance of the author towards the given topic (claim 1 or claim 2).
An argument should be seen as globally acceptable if its premises are true and their truth sufficiently supports the conclusion (i.e., sufficiency). you should judge about global acceptability according to your own beliefs regarding the truth of the premises and your assessment of their sufficiency. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is deceptive if it uses tricks such as deception, manipulation, cheating, fraudulence etc... determine whether the argument is deceptive or not deceptive
An argument can be considered credible if it appears as trustworthy and reliable to the reader. credibility can be created via different means such as providing evidence for the claims made, appealing to experts or authorities on the topic, using objective language, avoiding bias etc. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the conclusions below: which of them is more balanced, objective, discusses several points of view, well-rounded or addresses flaws in opposing views?
A premise is missing local sufficiency if it does not provide sufficient justification for its conclusion. given an argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks local sufficiency or does not lack local sufficiency
An argument has ambiguity if its meaning can be interpreted in multiple ways depending on context or perspective. decide whether the argument has ambiguity or does not have ambiguity
Given an argument clause coming from a document, predict if it belongs to the argument or not.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is better written, has fewer grammatical errors or spelling mistakes, uses correct punctuation, capitalization or sentence structure, is well-organized, clear, concise, readable, coherent, easy to understand, follows logical reasoning, does not contain too many words, etc.
An argument has missing acceptability if its reasons are not acceptable for some reason. decide whether the following argument has missing acceptability or does not have missing acceptability
An argument is missing reasonableness if it does not provide convincing reasons for its position and instead relies on emotions or personal beliefs. decide whether the argument lacks reasonableness or does not lack reasonableness
An argument is intelligible if it uses proper english grammar and spelling, avoids unnecessary jargon and technical terms where possible, and presents ideas clearly and concisely. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is intelligible or is not intelligible
An argument is too little information if its components (claims and premises) seem not to be connected logically because of missing pieces of evidence. decide whether the argument has too little information or does not have too little information.
Given two arguments, decide whether they are relevant to each other (i.e., one argues for or against the other) or not.
Does the argument include a concession?
An argument is missing acceptability if it relies on assumptions that are not commonly accepted by most people. such assumptions are either unverifiable or controversial. for example, assuming that “god exists” would make an argument unacceptable for many people. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks acceptability or does not lack acceptability
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it uses a straw man fallacy, i.e., distorting an opponent's position so that it can be more easily attacked.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it cites credible sources, references reliable information, quotes experts in the field or uses authoritative resources to back up its claims.
An argument has low credibility when its premises are not credible, i.e., they are either false or lack sufficient evidence to support their truthfulness. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has low credibility or does not have low credibility
An argumentation should be seen as successful in conveying acceptability if its premises and other information are such that they provide good reasons to believe in the truth of the author’s claims. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in conveying acceptability on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing sufficiency if it does not provide enough information to be evaluated properly. it can also lack sufficiency if its reasoning contains logical fallacies such as straw man, red herring, false analogy etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
An argument is crisp if it is concise and to the point. a crisp argument will often include only the most essential information needed to make a persuasive case, while avoiding unnecessary details or tangents that might distract from the main message.given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is crisp or is not crisp.
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if it is easy to follow and does not confuse the reader. usually, this means that there are clear transitions between arguments and/or other parts of the text. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic and a belief, generate a claim tailored to that belief.
Given a set of premises, generate the corresponding conclusion.
Decide whether the following argument contains a fallacy of composition.
Decide whether you would agree with the following statement:argument b is less convincing because it does not provide sufficient background knowledge.
The language used in an argumentation should be seen as neutral if it avoids emotionally loaded words, exaggerations, personal attacks, sarcasm, etc., i.e., if it does not include any elements that could be interpreted as emotional appeals. how would you rate the neutrality of the language of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as globally sufficient if it takes into account all the relevant positions and objections related to the given issue. it should address the strongest possible counterarguments, which are often those of opponents having different points of view than the one argued for by the author. how would you rate the global sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a is more convincing because it contains a stronger causal relationship between premises and conclusion, presents evidence that is more relevant to the claim, has better reasoning, uses sound logic, or makes sense.
Argumentation quality refers to how well an essay’s arguments are developed. score the argumentation quality of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not make any attempt to develop its arguments) 1.5 2.0 (essay makes a weak attempt to develop its arguments, but fails to do so convincingly) 2.5 3.0 (essay makes a decent attempt to develop its arguments and could convince some readers) 3.5 4.0 (essay makes a strong attempt to develop its arguments and would convince most readers)
Given the following argument, choose a correct counterargument. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
A comment expresses toxic emotions if it contains language that is rude, abusive, insulting, threatening, humiliating, hateful, discriminatory, or otherwise inappropriate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument expresses toxic emotions or does not express toxic emotions
An argument has insufficient reasoning if it contains too few premises to support its conclusion or does not provide enough information about how the claim should be interpreted. decide whether the argument has insufficient reasoning or does not have insufficient reasoning
Is the following sentence part of a premise?
You are given two arguments on a topic. decide which one has stronger reasoning than the other.
An argumentative text should be seen as relevant if it focuses on the topic of the issue and addresses all aspects that are necessary for resolving the issue. score the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
Is the argument interesting and engaging?
Given a set of arguments and a query, generate a response to the query.
Identify the conclusion of each argument in a given text.
The acceptability of an argumentation should be seen as high if you think that the presented arguments and information are worthy of being accepted or believed, i.e., if you rationally think that they are true or if you see no reason for not believing that they may be true. note that this does not imply that you have to agree with the author's position regarding the discussed issue. how would you rate the acceptability of the author's argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Determine whether the following statement is true or false: argument a is less convincing because it has no reasoning or less reasoning.
The quality of an argumentation should be seen as adequate if the author’s argumentative claims are supported by premises that provide sufficient evidence for their acceptance. how would you rate the adequacy of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The task consists of deciding whether the comment supports the topic or not. if the author intends to convince us about his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic clearly, then the comment is persuasive. otherwise, the comment is non-persuasive.
An appeal to authority is a form of reasoning that attempts to establish the truth of a conclusion by citing some sort of authority as evidence for it. the claim being made is accepted because someone with sufficient authority says it is true. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains an appeal to authority or not.
Distinguish between comments which are persuasive (the user tries to convince us) or non-persuasive (the user doesn't try to convince us). the key question to answer is: does the author intend to convince us clearly about his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains factual inaccuracies. the above tasks were created by humans and will be used as input examples for training a model to generate computational argumentation tasks automatically.
An argument is classified as detrimental orthography when it contains spelling mistakes, bad grammar and/or inappropriate punctuation. decide whether the argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography
What kind of attack relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between rebuttal, undercutting attack and no attack relation. attacks in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions are attacked in practical argumentation: rebuttal and undercutting attack. the former can target both objective and subjective propositions, whereas the latter can only target objective ones. that is, you cannot undercut a subjective proposition because it is not falsifiable. rebuttal: for an elementary unit x to be a rebuttal for a proposition y, it must provide a reason why y is false. for example, “i don't think they should have to pay for something i want.”(x) and “it's just like having cable tv where we all pay for channels we never watch.”(y). undercutting attack: for an elementary unit x to be an undercutting attack for a proposition y, it must prove that y is false. for example, “the government doesn't make money off of public schools.”(x) and “we're paying taxes for people who don't have kids.”(y).
We say that an argument is attacking when it contains abusive, disrespectful or otherwise offensive language towards another user or group of users participating in the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is attacking or not attacking
An argument contains spelling errors if it contains misspelled words. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains spelling errors or is correctly spelled.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it commits the fallacy of slippery slope, or argues that if x happens then y will inevitably follow even though there may be no connection between them.
Given as input two arguments on the same topic, decide whether they are independent of each other (i.e., whether neither depends upon nor contradicts the other).
Distinguish, whether the comment is a counter-argument to another argument or not. the key question to answer is: does the author intend to contradict an existing opinion (his/her own or of other authors) in order to convince us about his/her attitude towards the topic?
An argument is toxic if it contains any form of abuse or aggression, such as obscene or profane language; a threat of violence; hateful or discriminatory language targeting race/ethnicity, religion, gender, nationality disability or sexual orientation. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or not toxic.
Given two arguments x and y, decide whether x supports y or not.
An argument has toxic style if the way the text is written makes it difficult to understand what the author means or if it contains offensive language. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic style or not toxic style.
Determine whether the following statement is true or false based on the given information: argument a is more convincing because it is clear, crisp, to the point or well written.
The following text contains two arguments: argument 1 (a1) and argument 2 (a2). determine which argument is more convincing.
An argument is detrimental style if it displays poor writing quality, including awkward sentence structures, excessive use of jargon, or confusing organization. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has detrimental style or does not have detrimental style
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if its premises can be accepted by everyone from the expected target audience. notice that it is not generally clear who belongs to the expected target audience, i.e., what kind of background knowledge, attitudes, etc. they have. in this case, please assume a broad spectrum of people with diverse backgrounds. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is well-structured if it follows logical rules such as non-contradiction, modus ponens, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks well-structuredness or does not lack well-structuredness
An argumentation should be seen as sufficiently detailed if it provides enough information so that the reader can understand what the author is arguing for or against. please judge about sufficiency of detail according to whether there is enough information provided in the argumentation so that someone who reads only this contribution understands what the author is arguing for or against. how would you rate the sufficiency of detail of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as logically appropriate if the conclusions drawn in it are supported by sufficient evidence and reasoning, such that a rational reader would find them plausible. how would you rate the logical appropriateness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the two arguments below, decide whether argument b is more convincing than a because it provides a better reason for its conclusion.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it uses proper grammar, syntax, vocabulary, tone, style, formatting, capitalization, punctuation, spelling, sentence structure, paragraphing, headings, subheadings, bullets, numbering, indentation, spacing, font size, color, alignment, margins, line breaks, page layout, document design, visual appeal, readability, clarity, conc
Identify the parts of the argument that are relevant to the topic.
Consider the two claims below. which one is more convincing? claim a or claim b
Consider the argument below. would you agree with the following statement? the author’s argumentation is well-reasoned because it contains only relevant reasons and information.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if all of its premises are individually acceptable. notice that it is not generally clear which and how many premises an argumentation has. there may be cases where the premises are hidden or implicit, so that you have to make a guess about what they could be. please judge about global acceptability according to whether all main premises of an argumentation that you see are individually acceptable. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument quality: we define argument quality as the extent to which an argument is convincing, i.e., how well it convinces you to accept its conclusion. this includes factors such as whether the premises support the conclusion, whether there are good counterarguments, etc. how would you rate the quality of the author's argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is clear if it is easy to understand, i.e. the structure of the argument is easily identifiable and its premises are clearly connected to the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is clear or is not clear
Does the author of this comment intend to convince us clearly about his/her attitude or opinion towards the topic?
An argument lacks intelligibility if it is too vague, ambiguous, complicated or incomplete for a reader to understand what the argument is actually saying. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility.
A person making an argument has a burden of proof whenever he/she claims something but does not offer any evidence for it. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight your judgment about the author’s fulfillment of his/her burden of proof—unless there are particular conclusions that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the extent to which the author fulfills his/her burden of proof with respect to the conclusion(s) of his/her argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has missing commitment when there is no clear opinion expressed in the comment. the author may express uncertainty, ask questions, present hypothetical scenarios, etc., without committing to any position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
Given the text of two different arguments, determine if they argue for the same position or not.
An argument is missing a stance if it does not contain any explicit positive or negative attitude towards the discussed issue, i.e., no opinion, position, evaluation, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks stance or does not lack stance
Identify the stance taken by the author towards each premise in the given argumentative essay
An argument contains detrimental orthography when it includes non-standard spellings or grammatical errors. decide whether the argument contains detrimental orthography or does not contain detrimental orthography
Given an argument pair (argument a and argument b), we ask you to determine which of these statements is true:
An argument is considered to be unconvincing if the audience does not find it persuasive. the reasons for this could vary, such as lack of evidence or logical flaws in the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is convincing or unconvincing.
An argument is lacking coherence if its content is fragmented or inconsistent, such that it remains unclear how the different parts are connected. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks coherence or does not lack coherence
The quality of an argument can be evaluated by looking at its persuasiveness, i.e. how successful it is in changing people's minds. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is persuasive or unpersuasive.
An appeal to authority is only valid if the cited authority is a subject matter expert. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is appeal to authority or not appeal to authority
An argument is appealing if it appeals to emotions such as fear, hope, guilt, sympathy, compassion, pity, pride, patriotism, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument appeals to emotions or does not appeal to emotions
Given two arguments, compare them and say which one is more convincing.
Distinguish, whether the comment is relevant regarding the discussed topic or not (not relevant). the key question to answer is: is this comment relevant to the topic being discussed in the discussion thread?
What kind of attack relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between rebuttal, undercutter and no attack relation. attack relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions are attacked in practical argumentation: rebuttal and undercutter. rebuttal: for an elementary unit x to be a rebuttal against a proposition y, it must provide a counterargument against y. for example, “i do not think so.”(x) and “the book is very interesting.”(y). undercutter: for an elementary unit x to be an undercutter against a proposition y, it must cast doubt on the truth of y. for example, “maybe.”(x) and “the book is very interesting.”(y).
The argument has a misleading structure if the parts of the argument do not logically follow from each other. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has misleading structure or does not have misleading structure.
The task is to determine whether a given pair of adus are connected by any argumentative relation (e.g. support or attack).
An argument is inappropriate because of toxic emotions if it uses emotional expressions that are likely to trigger hate, anger or other negative feelings. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic emotions or not toxic emotions
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each individual argument within the argumentation is adequate for supporting its sub-conclusion. the overall strength of an argumentation depends on the local sufficiency of each individual argument within the argumentation. notice that there may be cases where some parts of the argumentation are locally sufficient while others are not. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An appeal to emotion fallacy is defined here as an attempt to manipulate people’s emotions rather than give solid reasons for accepting the conclusion of an argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits appeal to emotion fallacy or does not commit appeal to emotion fallacy.
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if it is proportional to the discussed issue and supports the creation of credibility and emotions. this means that a simple, clear structure with few premises can also be suitable for short arguments, while longer and more complex structures may be required for larger discussions. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are original when they go beyond common knowledge and/or conventional wisdom. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of originality?
A key point is a concise summary of arguments on a given topic, which can be used to form talking points for debates and discussions. does the following key point match the given argument?
Given two arguments: one is a premise, another is a conclusion. decide whether they belong to the same argument structure or not.
An argument has insufficient word choice if its components (claims and premises) are expressed using words that do not fit well into the context of the argument. decide whether the argument has insufficient word choice or does not have insufficient word choice
An argumentative discourse unit (adu) can be defined as a minimal textual segment that contributes to the author's line of reasoning, either by expressing an inference from one or more premises to a conclusion or by stating one premise. is there a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument should be seen as globally acceptable if its text makes sense in relation to other texts about the same issue, i.e., if the author’s opinion does not contradict itself when compared to similar opinions. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is respectful if it acknowledges and respects the viewpoints and perspectives of others, even if it disagrees with them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is respectful or disrespectful.
An argument is missing expertise if it lacks knowledge or experience with respect to the subject matter being discussed. decide whether the argument lacks expertise or does not lack expertise
An argument is consistent if all of its parts fit together logically and there are no internal contradictions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument
Consider two arguments: argument a and argument b. which statement best describes how the two arguments are related?
An argument conclusion is relevant when its content is related to the issue under discussion, i.e., whether we should believe that a particular claim about an issue is true or false. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument conclusion is relevant or not relevant
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it appeals to authority figures, experts, celebrities, politicians etc. instead of presenting their own original ideas or points of view.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as concise if it uses language that is to the point and avoids unnecessary complexity. it should not contain any redundant parts or repetitions, neither in terms of content nor regarding the choice of words. how would you rate the conciseness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as emotionally forceful if it manages to make its audience feel strong emotions related to the discussed issue. notice that such emotions can also be negative ones like fear or disgust—so, an argumentation can be seen as emotionally forceful even though you have rather negative feelings about it. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the emotional forcefulness of the argumentation, then do not judge it to be not forceful. how would you rate the emotional forcefulness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if it lacks explicit claims about what should be done or how things are supposed to be. this includes implicit claims as well (e.g., "it's obvious" implies that there is no need to argue). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Is the following statement true?argument b is less convincing because it has an unexplained inconsistency or contradiction.
Given two arguments a and b (each consisting of 1-3 sentences), decide which of them is more convincing.
Given a debate topic and a set of beliefs, generate an argumentative essay that takes a position on the given topic and supports this position by appealing to the provided beliefs
An argument is missing engagement if the author fails to address opposing views in their own arguments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks engagement or does not lack engagement
You are given two arguments (argument a and argument b) in favor of a position (yes vs. no). your task is to decide which one is more convincing because it is better structured or organized
Given a pair of arguments (argument a and argument b), decide which one contains more rhetorical devices.
Given a premise of an argumentative claim, revise it by adding missing information to the premise.
Given two arguments, determine which is more convincing because it sticks to the topic
Find the main premise(s) in the argumentation structure for the given argumentative text.
The following are two claims from an argumentative discussion between a and b. which one is more convincing?
Identify the stance (i.e., pro/contra) of the given argument towards its topic/claim.
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate a list of potential counterarguments to those beliefs.
Argument conclusions are concise if they do not contain irrelevant or redundant content that is not necessary for understanding the conclusion. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a more concise than conclusion b?
An argument is emotional if it appeals to emotions such as fear, anger, or pity to persuade the reader. decide whether the argument is emotional or is logical
Given a sentence and its topic, classify the stance of the author towards the topic as either “supports”, “denies” or “neutral”.
An argument has irrelevant information if it is inappropriate because it contains information which is not relevant to the topic of discussion. decide whether the argument has irrelevant information or does not have irrelevant information
The persuasiveness of an argument can be affected by many factors such as credibility, reliability, confidence, clarity, coherence etc. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it has worse credibility, reliability or confidence.
Given as input a claim and its context, rewrite the claim such that it improves in terms of text quality and/or argument quality, but does not preserve the meaning.
An argument is missing respect if it displays an unwillingness to treat the other party as a rational person and fails to provide any reasons for their own position. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
Does the argument lack commitment?
Given as input an argumentative claim, potentially along with context information on the debate, decide if it is likely to convince readers who disagree with the topic of the debate.
An argument is well-written when it uses clear and concise language, without unnecessary jargon or technical terms. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well-written or is not well-written
Given two segments of text, decide whether they represent the same argumentative discourse unit (adu).
An argument has excessive certainty if the author uses expressions that convey too much confidence in his or her own position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has excessive certainty or does not have excessive certainty
Given a review, decide whether the following argument is present in it or not.
An argument should be seen as well-structured if its premises are easy to understand and follow, i.e., if the reader can easily grasp how the author arrives at his or her conclusion. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has a bandwagon effect fallacy when it encourages people to adopt a particular viewpoint simply because many other people hold that same view. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has bandwagon effect fallacy or does not have bandwagon effect fallacy
Given an essay containing multiple sentences, score its overall helpfulness on a scale from 0 (lowest) to 4 (highest).
An argument is emotionally abusive if the emotions appealed to are used as tools to intimidate, ridicule, shame, belittle, humiliate, offend, harass, threaten, coerce, or otherwise abuse someone. decide whether the argument is emotionally abusive or not emotionally abusive
An argument is detrimental orthography if it displays inappropriate capitalization or punctuation, such as excessive exclamation marks, ellipses or question marks. decide whether the argument displays detrimental orthography or does not display detrimental orthography
Given two essays a and b, decide which one provides better analysis of the topic
Given a pair of statements, decide which one makes a better claim: statement 1 or statement 2.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it stresses urgency needed now to take decisive steps towards reducing carbon emissions before irreversible damage occurs due to ongoing anthropogenic activities contributing heavily to greenhouse gas concentrations currently found within earth’s atmosphere.
Is the given argument a straw man fallacy or not?
An argument is detrimental orthography if it does not follow standard writing conventions (e.g., capitalization, punctuation, spelling) to an extent which makes it difficult for others to read. decide whether the argument has detrimental orthography or does not have detrimental orthography
An argument is missing sound reasoning if its claims are based on faulty logic or assumptions, leading to invalid conclusions. decide whether the argument lacks sound reasoning or does not lack sound reasoning
Given the following argument, identify which of these sentences is the conclusion.
An argument is bandwagon fallacy if it appeals to popularity instead of reason. for example: everyone agrees that taxes should be lowered so they obviously should be. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits bandwagon fallacy or does not commit bandwagon fallacy.
Argument structure refers to the degree to which an essay has a clear thesis and how well that thesis is supported by reasons. score the argument structure of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not have a clear thesis or it is often unclear what the reasons are) 1.5 2.0 (essay has a clear thesis but sometimes fails to support it with reasons) 2.5 3.0 (essay has a clear thesis and supports it with reasons most of the time) 3.5 4.0 (essay has a clear thesis and always supports it with reasons)
An argument should be seen as acceptable if each premise on its own would be considered acceptable by a typical reader. try to adequately weight your judgments about local acceptability when judging about “aggregate” acceptability—unless there is a particular premise that dominates your view of an argument. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing credibility if the sources used to support an argument cannot be trusted or if the author has no expertise on the discussed topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
An argumentation should be seen as well-founded if it states arguments that are based on reliable sources and plausible assumptions. notice that this does not imply that the stated arguments necessarily lead to the conclusion. the reliability of the sources may depend on the expected target audience of the argumentation. how would you rate the foundation of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is fallacious if there are errors in its reasoning, such as unwarranted assumptions, invalid logic, or irrelevant evidence. decide whether the argument is fallacious or not fallacious
An argument is missing commitment if its content shows a lack of confidence about the standpoint or expresses uncertainty towards the standpoint. this can happen explicitly with phrases like “i think” or implicitly through the use of question marks instead of exclamation marks. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if its individual components are connected in such a way that they logically support each other, i.e., if each component provides an argument or information that supports the next one. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument organization refers to the structure and flow of an argumentative essay. score the argument organization of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay has no clear thesis or there is no apparent logic to how the paragraphs are organized) 1.5 2.0 (essay has a clear thesis but the paragraphs are somewhat disorganized) 2.5 3.0 (essay has a clear thesis and the paragraphs are generally well-organized) 3.5 4.0 (essay has a clear thesis and the paragraphs are all well-organized and follow logically from one another)
An argument is unintelligible if there is no clear meaning conveyed by the argument. the argument can be incomprehensible due to grammar or spelling mistakes, too complex wording, wrong word choice or a combination of these. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is unintelligible or not unintelligible.
A straw man fallacy occurs when an arguer distorts an opponent's argument for the purpose of more easily attacking it, demolishes the distorted argument, and then concludes that the opponent's real argument has been demolished. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses straw man or does not use straw man
An argumentation should be seen as locally convincing if it provides a conclusive reason to believe that its premises support its conclusion. please judge about local convincingness according to whether the argumentation gives you a conclusive reason to believe that its premises support its conclusion. how would you rate the local convincingness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is tu quoque fallacy if it accuses the opponent of hypocrisy instead of addressing the issue at hand. for example: how can you tell me not to smoke when you’re always drinking? given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits tu quoque
An argument is missing commitment if it does not commit to the truth of its premises or conclusions. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
A claim is an assertion that a particular fact or belief is true. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has claims or no claims.
An argument is unreasonable if it violates the principle of charity, i.e., when the argument distorts the position of the opponent(s) so as to make it easier to criticize. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument violates charity or does not violate charity
An argument is non-verifiable if it includes propositions whose truth cannot be verified easily using available information sources. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is non verifiable or verifiable.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it has less fallacies, errors, wrong assumptions, false claims, bad arguments or reasoning, weaker evidence, incorrect facts, information that is irrelevant to the issue, etc.
A stance can be thought of as an opinion towards the central claim. it can either be positive (pro), negative (contra), neutral (none) or unknown (?). given the following central claim and an argumentative discourse unit (adu), determine the stance of the adu.
An argument is missing clarity if it does not make clear what the author’s position or conclusion on the issue is or what evidence he/she provides in support of his/her position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
A claim is defined as an opinion, a conclusion or a position that someone expresses verbally. given a sentence and a topic, classify the sentence as a “claim” if it includes an opinion, a conclusion or a position related to the topic, or as a “non-claim” if it does not include an opinion, a conclusion or a position.
An argument is credible if the author’s knowledge or expertise regarding the discussed issue is revealed and the honesty of the author is indicated. given the following argument. decide whether the argument is credible or not credible.
An argument is toxic if it contains any form of hate speech, insult, threat or attack directed at another person or group of people (e.g., based on their religion, race, gender). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is toxic or is not toxic
An argument is circular if it assumes what it sets out to prove. for example: “the bible says god exists; therefore, god exists.” the premise (“the bible says god exists”) assumes the truth of the conclusion (“god exists”). a circular argument can never prove anything because it begs the question. it is sometimes called begging the question. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is circular or non-circular.
An argumentation should be seen as locally acceptable if you see no particular reason for not accepting it, i.e., if there are no obvious flaws in its reasoning or language use. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate a rebuttal consisting of several claims, reasons and warrants that are tailored to the beliefs.
Is the following argument on-topic or off-topic?
An argument is classified as containing detrimental orthography if its spelling, punctuation and capitalization are detrimental to its intelligibility. how would you rate the orthography of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the argumentation in argument b is less successful in making an emotional appeal because it uses fewer emotionally charged words, does not address emotions of the audience, or does not make the author appear trustworthy.
Identify any places where the author contradicts themselves in the given argument.
Given a comment text, decide whether the argumentation in the text is coherent or not.
An argument is missing balance if it considers only one side of an issue and does not address counter-arguments that may weaken the position presented in the text. decide whether the argument lacks balance or does not lack balance
Argumentative quality refers to the overall quality of an essay's argumentation, which includes its argument strength (how strong the argument for the thesis is), the relevance of the premises used to support the argument, and the soundness of the reasoning from those premises to the conclusion. score the argumentative quality of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay makes a weak argument for its thesis, uses mostly irrelevant information as evidence, and/or contains logical fallacies) 2.0 (essay makes a decent argument for its thesis but uses some irrelevant information as evidence or has minor logical fallacies) 3.0 (essay makes a strong argument for its thesis, uses relevant information as evidence, and does not contain any major logical fallacies)
Given as input two arguments on the same topic, decide whether they are equivalent with each other (i.e., whether they express essentially the same idea but use different words or phrases).
Given an argumentative claim and its stance towards some issue, decide whether this stance can be considered to be optimally phrased with respect to that issue (suboptimal or optimal).
The author of an argument should be seen as credible if she/he has a good reputation, or if there are reasons for believing that she/he is honest and/or knowledgeable about the topic under discussion. how would you rate the credibility of the author on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is appropriate if it uses language that is respectful to other debaters. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is not appropriate due to toxic emotions or is appropriate
Is the following conclusion well-structured?
An argument is anecdotal evidence if it bases its premises on personal experience/stories rather than facts/evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is anecdotal evidence or not anecdotal evidence
Given a reason and a warrant, evaluate whether they are compatible or not.
Distinguish, whether the comment is persuasive regarding the discussed topic or not (not persusasive). the key question to answer
An argument is missing clarity if it lacks sufficient detail and elaboration to understand the author’s position on the issue. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity
An argument is an appeal to emotion if it attempts to persuade using emotion rather than reason, e.g., by increasing fear and/or anxiety or by appealing to positive/negative aspects of human nature. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is an appeal to emotion or is not an appeal to emotion
An argument commits circular reasoning fallacy if it uses its conclusion as one of its premises. for example: god exists because it says so in the bible, and whatever the bible says must be true because it is the word of god. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits circular reasoning fallacy or does not commit circular reasoning fallacy
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each premise adequately supports the conclusion. notice that in order for an argument to be locally sufficient, all premises need to be relevant, i.e., they must contribute to the acceptance or rejection of the conclusion. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing fairness if it does not provide equal treatment to all parties involved. decide whether the argument lacks fairness or does not lack fairness
An argument has excessive length if it contains unnecessary information that does not support its claim, making it unnecessarily long. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has excessive length or does not have excessive length
An argument has unsubstantiated claim if it makes claims without giving supporting evidence or reasons. decide whether the argument has unsubstantiated claim or does not have unsubstantiated claim
Identify whether the given argument is off topic or doesn't address the issue.
An argument is well-reasoned if its conclusion follows from its premise(s), i.e., there is a logical inference linking the premise(s) to the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well reasoned or not well reasoned.
An argument is poorly structured if it lacks coherence, clarity, organization, flow, logical progression, transitions, signposting, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is poorly structured or not poorly structured
An argument is ethically deceptive if the arguer deliberately misleads their audience by using manipulative tactics. decide whether the argument is ethically deceptive or not ethically deceptive
Find the main claim in the given argument.
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if it directly responds to a preceding argumentation in the discussion, i.e., if it relates to the given point of view or takes up an idea expressed by another participant. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Does the following argument clause have an emotional appeal?
Given a set of premises, generate an argumentative counterclaim.
An argument is irrelevant if its content does not support the creation of credibility and emotions as well as if it is not proportional to its topic. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or relevant
An argument is missing relevance if its content has no bearing on the issue being discussed. it may address another issue or it may be completely unrelated to any issue. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argumentation should be seen as rational if its arguments are logically consistent and free from fallacies, i.e., faulty reasoning patterns such as generalizing too quickly or attacking the opponent rather than their stance. how would you rate the rationality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has fallacy of composition if a conclusion is drawn about something whole based on its parts, without taking into account that the parts may be different when they are part of a whole than when they are not. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has fallacy of composition or does not have fallacy of composition
A premise can be seen as clearly stated if its wording allows readers to understand what the author means. how would you rate how clear this premise is on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Essay organization refers to the extent an essay is well-organized. an essay with a high essay organization score has a clear introduction, body paragraphs, and conclusion. score the essay organization of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay lacks any structure) 1.5 2.0 (essay has a few sections but they do not follow a logical order) 2.5 3.0 (essay has several sections in a logical order) 3.5 4.0 (essay has a clear introduction, body paragraphs, and conclusion)
An argument is said to have faulty logic if it contains errors in its reasoning process, such as false assumptions, non sequiturs, or circular reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has faulty logic or does not have faulty logic
An argument is logically deceptive if it uses invalid forms of inference to persuade people to accept conclusions that do not follow from premises. decide whether the argument is logically deceptive or not logically deceptive
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative essay proposing ways to engage these parties in dialogue.
An argument has low plausibility if it does not seem likely or probable. decide whether the argument has low plausibility or does not have low plausibility
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it uses language that appeals to your emotions in a way that is likely to persuade you of the author’s conclusion.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because its conclusion is more justified, better grounded, better reasoned, makes sense, well-founded, reasonable, well thought out, logical, sensible, rational, coherent, or consistent.
Argument conclusions are relevant when they follow from the premise and are on topic. is the conclusion relevant?
Identify the most relevant reason to explain why the author supports their stance in the given argumentative text.
An argument is clear if all information needed for understanding the message is included in the text. it also means that the reader can easily understand what the main point of the argument is without having to read between the lines too much. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has poor structure if its organization does not help readers follow its line of thought clearly. decide whether the argument has poor structure or does not have poor structure
Argument conclusions are convincing when they provide compelling reasons or evidence that support the position taken by the author. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument conclusion is convincing or not convincing.
Consider the following two arguments. how would you rate the quality of argument a on a scale from "1" (low quality) to "5" (high quality)?
A claim is relevant to the debate if it helps determine which side is correct. given the following claim and the topic of the debate the claim appeared in. decide whether the claim is relevant or is not relevant
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a is more convincing because it provides evidence, examples, facts, statistics, studies, research findings, expert opinions, personal experiences, anecdotes, quotes, testimonials, case studies, real-life scenarios, historical events, news articles, scientific experiments, surveys, polls, interviews, observations, first-hand accounts, etc., to back up its claims.
An argument is missing key information if it leaves out important facts that would help to evaluate its claims and reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks key information or does not lack key information
The author uses logical reasoning throughout his/her argumentation. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses logical reasoning or does not use logical reasoning.
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if each premise provides support for the conclusion, i.e., if each premise increases the probability of the truth of the conclusion given the other premises. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has missing premises if the author is not explicit about all of the assumptions that he or she makes. decide whether the argument lacks premises or does not lack premises
An argument is missing relevance if it does not discuss the issue, but derails the discussion implicitly towards a related issue or shifts completely towards a different issue. given the following comment-argument pair, decide whether the comment... ...explicitly attacks the argument. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks the argument. ...makes no use of the argument. ...vaguely/implicitly supports the argument. ...explicitly supports the argument.
The following two arguments (argument a and argument b) have been selected from two different debates on the same topic. decide which one you find more convincing and why?
Argument conclusions are strong if the premise provides sufficient evidence to support them. is the conclusion strong?
The following paragraph contains an argument. identify the sentence(s) that contain the conclusion.
Determine whether two arguments are for the same side or not.
The author provides sufficient evidence to support his/her claims. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument provides sufficient evidence or does not provide sufficient evidence.
An argument is overly general if it makes broad claims without providing specific evidence or examples to back them up. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has overly general language or does not have overly general language
An argument is lacking civility if it resorts to name calling, ad hominem attacks, or other forms of incivility rather than engaging in respectful dialogue with opponents. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks civ
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). which one do you find more convincing?
An argument appeals to pity if it attempts to persuade someone using their capacity for empathy rather than logic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument appeals to pity or does not appeal to pity
An argumentation should be seen as credible if it presents its central claim, supporting arguments, and other information in a way that makes them trustworthy for you. notice that you should not judge about the correctness of the author’s arguments, but only about how they are presented to you. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has irrelevant reasoning if it contains components (claims and premises) which are logically connected but are unrelated to the issue being discussed. decide whether the argument has irrelevant reasoning or does not have irrelevant reasoning
Given a pair of sentences, decide whether they contradict each other or not.
An argument is credible if it is based on facts and supported by reliable sources. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is credible or not credible.
Given two arguments, decide whether they express the same idea but in different words.
An argument has excessive politeness if it uses overly polite language in order to avoid conflict with others. decide whether the argument has excessive politeness or does not have excessive politeness
An argument has circular reasoning if one or more of its components (claims and premises) seem to repeat themselves in a way that does not add any new information. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
Given two arguments on a topic, decide if the second one is more convincing than the first one.
Extract all the premises from the given argumentation
The following two sentences are premises for an argument conclusion. does the given conclusion follow from the premise? (a logical inference links the premise to the conclusion.)
An argumentation should be seen as successful in addressing counterarguments if it conveys arguments and other information in a way that takes into account opposing views. it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. notice that you should not judge about the persuasiveness of the addressed counterarguments, but
An argument displays toxic emotions if it expresses anger, hate, disgust or similar emotions against another person or group. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument displays toxic emotions or does not display toxic emotions
Argument conclusions are non-trivial when they contain content that is not obvious from the premises (i.e., cannot be inferred directly). given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of non-triviality?
Given an argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, identify whether the argument makes generalization about certain group of people based on stereotypes or not.
A commitment is missing when the speaker does not commit to the truth of what she says but merely reports on what others say or think without expressing her own opinion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument has unclear meaning if its content is vague, ambiguous, or implicit, such that it remains unclear what is being said about the issue (it could also be an unrelated issue). given the following comment-argument pair, decide which of these statements is true: the comment... ...explicitly attacks the argument's clarity. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks the argument's clarity. ...makes no use of the argument's clarity. ...vaguely/implicitly supports the argument's clarity. ...explicitly supports the argument's clarity.
An argument is missing clarity if it contains unclear terms or concepts that are not defined, or if the logical structure of the argument cannot be reconstructed. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or does not lack clarity.
An argument has vague language if it contains unclear or imprecise words. decide whether the argument has vague language or does not have vague language
An argument may lack sufficiency if it does not discuss all possible objections to its conclusion. please judge about sufficiency according to whether all main objections of an argument that you see are discussed. how would you rate the sufficiency of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument commits appeal-to-emotion fallacy if it appeals to emotion rather than logic. for example: i know my dog was stolen because i feel so sad about it. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits appeal-to-emotion fallacy or does not commit appeal-to-emotion fallacy
An argumentation should be seen as non-redundant if it does not repeat information that has already been stated before. notice that repeating some information may sometimes be useful to highlight important aspects. in such cases, redundancy need not affect the quality of an argumentation negatively. how would you rate the non-redundancy of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments on a topic, determine if they are similar or different in meaning.
The fallacy of appeal to authority consists in using an irrelevant authority as evidence for a claim. for example, an actor might be cited as evidence for the effectiveness of a diet plan. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains appeal to authority or does not contain appeal to authority
Given a pair of sentences from different documents, predict if they belong to the same argumentative structure or not.
Identify all claims in a given essay.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing than argument a because it oversimplifies complex issues by reducing them down to simple binary choices between good and bad options.
An argument is not well-grounded if it fails to support the author’s position, for example because the evidence used is too weak or irrelevant. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks well-groundedness or does not lack well-groundedness
An argument has false dilemma if only two alternative options are considered, when more exist, or a spectrum of possible options between two extremes is falsely presented as a black and white, either-or choice. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has false dilemma or does not have false dilemma
Given two conclusions, decide which one is more novel in terms of content and/or combination of the content in the premises in a way that goes beyond what is stated in the premise.
Given two arguments on different sides of a controversial topic, decide which argument is more convincing.
An argument is more convincing if it does not have language issues, bad grammar, or uses humor, jokes or sarcasm. given two arguments, argument a and argument b: is argument a less convincing because it has language issues, bad grammar, uses humor, jokes or sarcasm?
An argument is missing premises if some important information is not explicitly stated but implicitly assumed by the author of an argument to make their conclusion acceptable for you as a reader. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks premises or does not lack premises
An argumentation is considered to be relevant if it contributes to the discussion in a meaningful way, i.e., it adds new information to the discourse without repeating what has been said before. in your view, how would you rate the relevance of the author's argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The argumentative discourse unit (adu) which has been marked with "<mask>" in the following argument is missing. generate a new adu that fills the gap indicated.
An argument is destructive if it either insults others or does not contribute meaningfully to the discussion. decide whether the argument is constructive or not.
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if it is possible to identify a clear conclusion and premises that support or attack this conclusion. premises do not necessarily need to be explicitly marked as such in order to be identified as such. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is detrimental rhetoric if it uses emotionally charged language, loaded words, hyperbole, or other rhetorical devices that detract from the strength of the argument. decide whether the argument has detrimental rhetoric or does not have detrimental rhetoric
Given two different claims: is claim 1 better than claim 2?
Argument conclusions are good when they contain relevant information for the discussion of the issue at hand. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of goodness?
An argument is missing credibility if the author of the comment does not provide any information about their background and expertise on the topic. given the following argument decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
Given two arguments on a topic, choose the most convincing one.
Argument quality refers to the overall quality of the argument an essay makes for its thesis. an essay with a high argument quality score presents a well-written argument for its thesis. score the argument quality of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay has many spelling, grammar, and punctuation errors) 1.5 2.0 (essay has some spelling, grammar, and punctuation errors) 2.5 3.0 (essay has few spelling, grammar, and punctuation errors) 3.5 4.0 (essay has no spelling, grammar, and punctuation errors)
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if it provides a clear line of thought, i.e., if it clearly distinguishes between different arguments and/or premises. you should be open to see an argumentation as well-structured even if it does not match your own way of structuring arguments. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information are presented in a clear manner. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing charity if it misrepresents or distorts other people’s views to make them look less plausible than they really are. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks charity or does not lack charity
In argument 1, the first sentence is an enthymeme: a missing discourse unit that completes the logic of a written argument. generate a new adu that fills this gap indicated with "<mask>".
An argument has low quality reasoning if its premises are weak, irrelevant, or illogical, such that they fail to support the conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has low quality reasoning or does not have low quality reasoning
A claim is defined here as any argumentative discourse unit (adu) that serves as either a premise or a conclusion. given the following argument, generate a new adu that contradicts one of the existing ones.
An argument is missing credibility if the author does not have the expertise to write about the topic, or if he/she writes something that contradicts his/her previous statements on the same topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks credibility or does not lack credibility
An argument has missing commitment if its author does not seem committed to the content of the argument, e.g., due to use of hedging devices such as "i think", "in my opinion" or "i'm not sure but". given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment.
The soundness of an argument is determined by how well grounded the premises are. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of soundness?
Determine whether the given argument has an overall conclusion.
An argument is well-structured if it has a clear structure, i.e., the premises and conclusion can be identified clearly. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight the clarity of the structure for each conclusion when judging about the “aggregate” clarity—unless there are particular conclusions that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the clarity of the structure of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the stances in the given text (favor, against, none)
A warrant is a statement that justifies the relationship between the claim and the data in an argument. it often takes the form of a generalization based on some accepted principle. is there a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument conclusion is novel when it contains novel premise-related content and/or combination of the content in the premises in a way that goes beyond what is stated in the premise. for example: p1: the sun rises from the east every day. c: therefore, the sun will rise from the east tomorrow too. is this conclusion novel?
Given two arguments from the same document, predict if they have the same stance towards their topics.
An argument is missing proper grammar if it has spelling mistakes or grammatical errors. note that this criterion differs from clarity in that here we only consider obvious spelling mistakes and grammatical errors. for example, the argument “i think she is right”, despite being written in incorrect english, expresses its idea clearly. therefore, it does not lack clarity but it lacks proper grammar. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks proper grammar or does not lack proper grammar
An argument is missing reasoning if it does not provide any explanation for why a certain stance should be adopted. given the following argument. decide whether the argument lacks reasoning or does not lack reasoning
Rate the persuasiveness of these two versions of the same claim:claim 1: smoking causes cancer.claim 2: there is strong evidence linking smoking to lung cancer.
Identify the correct relationship between the given claim and warrant in the argument. there are only three options given and only one answer is correct.
A premise of an argument should be seen as sound if it is likely true in light of evidence and reasoning. how would you rate the soundness of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has a flawed reasoning if it is based on premises that are irrelevant, false or do not support the claim. decide whether the argument has flawed reasoning or does not have flawed reasoning
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it avoids jargon or technical terms that may confuse non-experts while still conveying key ideas clearly enough for laypeople to grasp.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it takes an extreme stance on the issue, either completely opposing all sides or advocating only one solution regardless of context or circumstances.
An argument should be seen as relevant if it discusses the issue at hand, i.e., if it relates to the problem under discussion. rate the relevance of the argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)
An argument is a text containing at least one premise and one conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is informative or uninformative
An argument should be seen as logically consistent if none of its parts contradicts any other part. it should be seen as inconsistent if there are contradictory statements within the argument. how would you rate the logical consistency of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has inconsistent reasoning if there are contradictions between different parts of the argument, or if the logic used to support the conclusion does not hold up under scrutiny. decide whether the argument has inconsistent reasoning or does not have inconsistent reasoning
An argument is missing relevance if it does not address the issue at hand, but instead attacks some aspect of an opposing argument that is only tangentially related (if at all) to the central point of the view being criticized. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
The structure of an argumentation can be seen as appropriate if there is a balance between the claims and evidence provided and if the flow of thoughts and ideas appears to be coherent. if the argumentation includes multiple claims, these should not contradict each other. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is relevant if there exists a logical connection between its premises and conclusion, and if all of its premises have a direct bearing on its topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is relevant or irrelevant.
An argument has missing commitment if the author expresses doubts about their own opinion by stating that they may change their mind later on. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
An argument should be seen as clear if its premises are intelligible and clearly related to the conclusion. the clearer an argument, the easier it will be for others to follow and evaluate it. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments (a and b), determine if argument a is more convincing than argument b because it offers specific examples or illustrations to clarify complex ideas or concepts.
An appeal to ignorance fallacy occurs when someone uses a lack of evidence as evidence to support their own position. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits an appeal to ignorance fallacy or does not commit an appeal to ignorance fallacy
An argument is considered as containing logical fallacy if it uses an invalid inference pattern which renders the conclusion false even when the premises are true. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains logical fallacy or does not contain logical fallacy
Given the following two argumentative discourse units (adus), decide whether they are connected by an attacking relation.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if each individual sub-argument is supported by its premises (or at least sufficiently many of them). notice that this requires that you check how well the premises support their conclusions within the respective sub-arguments. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if the author does not express his/her own opinion or attitude towards a topic, but only presents other people’s views. decide whether the argument is missing commitment or not missing commitment
An argument is unintelligible if it is unclear what the argument is about or how its premises support its conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is intelligible or unintelligible.
Given a set of arguments, score their persuasiveness on a scale from 0 (lowest) to 4 (highest).
Given an argumentative text, identify all the claims in the text.
Given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is intelligible or not. intelligibility refers to the comprehensibility of an argument. in other words, is the argument understandable?
For each pair of adjacent clauses within the same document, decide whether they form part of the same argument or not.
Given a question and a stance (yes vs. no), your task is to provide a persuasive response towards the question based on the provided stance.
Given a set of beliefs, generate a
Identify the stance towards the claim expressed by the following argumentative discourse unit.
For a given debate on a particular topic, extract the following propositions from the debate: fact (proposition of non-experiential fact), testimony (proposition of experiential fact), policy (proposition of policy), value (proposition of value). a proposition should be labeled as fact if it is objective, meaning it does not leave any room for subjective interpretations or judgements. for example, “and battery life is about 8-10 hours.”. a proposition should be labeled as testimony if it is experiential, i.e., it describes a personal state or experience. for example, “i own sennheisers, bose, ludacris souls, beats, etc.”. a proposition should be labeled as policy if it insists on a specific course of action. for example, “they need to take this product off the market until the issue is resolved.”. a proposition should be labeled as value if it is a personal opinion or expression of feeling. for example, “they just weren’t appealing to me”.
An argument is inappropriate if it does not express commitment to its stance regarding the topic. decide whether the argument has missing commitment or does not have missing commitment
Given a sentence and a topic, classify the sentence as a “claim” if it expresses a belief about something, or as a “premise” if it provides justification for another statement.
An argument’s conclusion should be seen as acceptable if its premises provide sufficient reason for accepting it, i.e., if you think they are worthy of being considered as reasons, evidence, or similar regarding the conclusion. you should be open to see a conclusion as acceptable even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s conclusion on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
What kind of attack relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between undercut and rebuttal. an attack is an elementary unit that attacks another elementary unit or a proposition in the same argument. the two types of attacks are: undercut: for an elementary unit x to be an undercut for a proposition y, it must prove that there is no support relation between y and its premise. for example, “it’s not as bad as some people make it out to be.”(x) and “the only issue i have is that the volume starts to degrade a little bit after about six“and i find i have to buy a new pair every year or so.”(y). rebuttal: for an elementary unit x to be a rebuttal for a proposition y, it must prove that y is false. for example, “i don’t think this should happen”(x) and “this product works great with my samsung galaxy s5.”(y).
An argument is emotionally deceptive if the emotions appealed to are used as deceptive tricks to win, derail, or end the discussion. is there a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
The following question asks you to choose between two arguments which one has stronger reasoning? by strong reasoning we mean: 1) the argument gives more evidence in support of its conclusion; 2) the evidence provided by the argument better supports its conclusion. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a is more convincing because it has stronger reasoning.
Given the following comment-argument pair, decide whether the comment is... ...a direct rebuttal to the argument. ...an indirect rebuttal to the argument. ...a support of the argument. ...not related to the argument.
An argument is appropriate if it has no toxic emotions, bad grammar, missing commitment and intelligibility issues. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has bad grammar or good grammar.
Given two arguments (argument a and argument b) on the same topic, select the one with higher quality.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it has logical flaws such as using irrelevant reasons or evidence, making invalid assumptions, drawing illogical conclusions, having inconsistent reasoning, presenting one-sided arguments, or being unclear or vague.
An argument is inconsistent if it contains contradicting claims. decide whether the argument has inconsistency or does not have inconsistency
Given an argumentative claim and a set of beliefs, identify whether the claim is likely to persuade someone with those beliefs.
Identify all straw man attacks in the following argument.
A persuasive argument has premises that provide good reasons for accepting the conclusion. it avoids circular reasoning, in which the truth of the conclusion is assumed by the premises. the premises must support the conclusion so that if the premises are true, then the conclusion is likely to be true as well. if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weight the persuasiveness of each argument when judging about their “aggregate” persuasiveness—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The following argument is missing its conclusion. write an appropriate conclusion for this argument.
An argument is inappropriate if it contains insults. decide whether the argument is inappropriate due to containing an insult or not.
An argument is effective if it provides sufficient support for its claim(s). rate the effectiveness of the argument using the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)
The goal of this task is to evaluate the relevance of a given argument with respect to a debate topic. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the argument practical and actionable?
An argument has logical fallacies if it contains flaws in the reasoning structure. decide whether the argument has logical fallacies or does not have logical fallacies
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the writer of argument a has more credibility than the writer of argument b because he/she provides information about his/her background and expertise on the issue at hand.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if all its premises are acceptable to you. please judge about global acceptability according to your own standards of acceptability, which may differ from those of others. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as specific enough if it does not leave too many open questions for its readers. please judge about specificity according to whether all main claims are supported by sufficient details or examples. how would you rate the specificity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the use of emotional language in the argument
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it contains no inappropriate premises and if the reasoning of its author is not fallacious. notice that in some cases, you may see an argumentation as globally insufficient (cf. task 1) but still as locally sufficient. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The structure of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if the order in which the information is presented appears reasonable to you, i.e., whether the author first presents his/her own position, then provides supporting reasons and/or counterarguments and rebuttals, or vice versa. how would you rate the appropriateness of the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A red herring is an argument that introduces irrelevant material to the original issue being discussed, with the intention of distracting or confusing other participants in the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a red herring fallacy or not a red herring fallacy
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it contains an instance of “slippery slope” fallacy. slippery slope involves arguing that taking a certain action will inevitably lead to undesirable consequences without providing any evidence to support this claim. for example: "if we allow gay marriage, next thing you know people will want to marry their pets!"
An argument is missing relevancy if it includes irrelevant claims or evidence. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it appeals to authority figures, experts, leaders, role models, celebrities, influencers, or organizations that have credibility, reputation, prestige, status, or influence in their field or domain.
A claim is more convincing when it is supported by evidence that comes from reliable sources. consider the two claims below (claim a and claim b). would you agree with the following statement?claim a is more convincing because it provides better supporting evidence.
An argument has insufficient evidence if there is not enough support for its conclusion given what we know about the issue. this could also include lack of examples, statistics, expert opinions, research results, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient evidence or does not have insufficient evidence
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it uses less aggressive language or fewer negative words, insults, name-calling, attacks, threats, profanity, offensive language, swearwords or obscene words.
An argument contains ad hominem fallacy if the author attacks or criticizes another person in order to undermine that person’s opinion, instead of addressing the actual arguments presented by this person. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains ad hominem fallacy or does not contain ad hominem fallacy
An argument commits the fallacy of red herring if it introduces a second issue or otherwise distracts from the original issue. for example: “my opponent wants to raise taxes to fund education, but what about our country’s debt?” given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits red herring fallacy or does not commit red herring fallacy.
A fallacy is a defect in an argument that causes it to be invalid, unsound, or uncogent. an informal fallacy is one which is committed by the form of the argument's reasoning. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains a fallacy or does not contain a fallacy
An argument is not well-structured if it lacks a clear structure, e.g., the premises and conclusion are unclear or mixed up. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks structure or does not lack structure
An argument is weak if its components (claims and premises) do not provide strong support for the conclusion. decide whether the argument is weak or strong
Identify the persuasive techniques used in the following advertisement.
Consider the following two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the conclusion of argument a is more convincing because it employs effective rhetorical devices like metaphors, analogies, or vivid imagery to drive home important ideas and make them stick in people's minds long after they've finished reading.
A fallacy is an error in reasoning that undermines the intended strength of the inference from its premises to its conclusion. how would you rate the fallacy of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following argumentative discourse units (adus), determine whether the adu at position 1 attacks the adu at position 2.
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if it provides arguments that contribute to its own conclusions (or intermediate conclusions), i.e., if it supports its own reasoning with evidence, explanations, examples, etc. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments supporting the same claim, determine which one has more convincing support.
Given a controversial topic, generate a set of beliefs that could be used to argue for or against it.
The argument below contains two claims. which claim is stronger?claim 1: claim 2:
An argument is balanced if it considers multiple perspectives and presents both sides of an issue fairly and accurately. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is balanced or unbalanced.
Evaluate the relevance of the reasons for the conclusion in the given argumentative text.
Given two sentences coming from the same document, predict whether they belong to the same argument or not.
Given a topic and a list of values, generate an argumentative claim tailored to the topic that reflects the given values.
An argument is fallacious when it commits a reasoning error such as begging the question, ad hominem attack, appeal to authority, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument includes a fallacy or does not include a fallacy
Is the following comment-argument pair a counterargument?
Given two arguments, decide whether one of them is a premise and the other its conclusion or not.
An argument is considered to be lacking in reasoning if it either does not provide any justification or support for its claims, or only provides irrelevant justifications. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks reasoning or does not lack reasoning
An argument is lacking clarity if it is difficult to understand due to poor wording, lack of specificity, or some other problem. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks clarity or has clarity
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if its premises can be accepted by everyone from the expected target audience. notice that this criterion does not require that all premises are true but rather that they can be taken for granted in the context of the given issue. please judge about global acceptability according to whether you think that every premise of the author’s argumentation can be accepted. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify all sentences in the following text which contain an ad hominem fallacy.
Given the following two arguments, determine which of these statements is true: argument a and b have similar premises but
An appeal to authority is defined here as an attempt to cite the opinion of an expert as evidence for a claim. is there an appeal to authority at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument is inappropriate if the used language does not support the creation of credibility and emotions or is disproportional to its topic. decide whether the argument has inappropriate language or does not have inappropriate language
Given a debate topic and a set of values, identify how they relate to the issue being discussed.
The conclusion of an argument is clear if its content is explicit, unambiguous, and precise. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has clear meaning or does not have clear meaning
An argument is missing commitment if it is trolling others by suggesting (explicitly or implicitly) that the issue is not worthy of being discussed. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
Given an argumentative discourse unit, identify the quality issues present in the text.
Given the following argument and a topic, generate an adu that rebuts the argument.
Given a set of premises and conclusions, decide whether they are all correct or not.
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, identify which ones would be most relevant for generating persuasive arguments.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it is worthy of being believed by everyone from the expected target audience. in doubt, give more credit to the acceptability of premises than to the acceptability of the conclusion due to the limited feasibility of the latter. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argument, rewrite it such that it improves in terms of text quality and/or argument quality, while preserving the meaning as far as possible.
An argument has circular reasoning if its premises assume the truth of the conclusion. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
Given a controversial topic and a set of beliefs, generate a series of similes designed to highlight the similarities between those beliefs and other commonly accepted truths.
Is the argument presented in a clear and concise manner?
An argumentation should be seen as well-presented if it is clear in terms of language usage (e.g., grammar), structure (e.g., paragraphing), and content (e.g., no typos). how would you rate the presentation of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has misleading language if it uses words that have different meanings than what the reader would expect them to have. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is misleading or not misleading.
In a good argumentation, all statements should be relevant to each other and to the given issue. an argument lacks relevance if there are some parts which do not contribute to the discussion of the given topic, or which are completely unrelated to each other. notice that, within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue), some parts may be clear (e.g., the issue) and thus left implicit. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as locally acceptable if its premises are true or at least plausible, i.e., they can be accepted by an informed audience in light of what is known about the discussed issue. how would you rate the local acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if the topic is not taken seriously or openness other’s arguments is absent
Is the following argument relevant to the issue at hand?
Given two arguments (a and b), determine which one is more convincing based on their content, structure, and use of evidence.
An argument contains toxic emotions if it appeals to emotions that are deceptive or too intense, leaving no room for critical thinking about the issue being discussed. given an argument and the topic it appeared in, determine whether the argument contains toxic emotions (yes/no).
The following two segments are part of the same argument. which one is more important to the main claim?
Find the claims made in the input text.
Given a set of argumentative texts on a topic, decide whether they are for/against or neutral about that topic.
Is the following statement true or false?argument b is more convincing because it is clear, concise, easy to understand, straightforward, specific or detailed.
Argument conclusions are acceptable if you would agree with them based on the premises. how would you rate the acceptability of the conclusion of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The quality of an argumentation should be seen as high if it makes use of relevant, reliable information that supports its claims in a clear way. it should also show awareness for potential counterarguments and address them accordingly. how would you rate the quality of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The argumentation should be seen as coherent if the content of each sentence supports the creation of credibility and emotions as well as if all sentences are connected to each other in a meaningful way. how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the historical events that influenced the given argument.
An argument commits appeal to authority fallacy if it appeals to the opinion of someone who is not an expert in the field of discussion. for example: “the best way to cook chicken is deep fried because my grandmother says so”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits appeal to authority fallacy or does not commit appeal to authority fallacy.
Compare the given two versions of the same claim and
Inappropriate commitment refers to cases where the author does not commit him- or herself to the expressed point of view but instead tries to remain neutral, e.g., by explicitly stating “i don’t know” or implicitly indicating uncertainty through expressions like “maybe”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has inappropriate commitment or does not have inappropriate commitment
An argument has no reasoning if it provides only claims without any justification. decide whether the given argument has no reasoning or has reasoning
A support relation occurs when an argument backs up another argument’s claim or premise. given the following arguments with such a gap, generate a new adu that fills the gap indicated with "<mask>".
A fallacy is reasoning that is logically incorrect, undermines the logical validity of an argument, or is recognized as unsound. it should be seen as successful if it is free from fallacies; otherwise, it should be seen as not successful. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in avoiding fallacies on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Is the argument clear and crisp?
An argument is missing persuasiveness if it does not use persuasive techniques such as appeals to emotion, logic, or authority to convince the reader of its viewpoint. decide whether the argument lacks persuasiveness or does not lack persuasiveness
You are given an argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. the task is to decide whether this argument makes sense.
Consider the following two arguments (argument a and argument b). which of these two arguments is more likely to convince someone who disagrees with them?
Determine the stance of the given argument with respect to the given topic.
Evaluate the fairness of the following argument towards opposing viewpoints or counterarguments.
Consider the argument below (argument a). would you agree with the following statement?the author of argument a tries to make his/her point seem better by comparing it to something bad or negative.
The author’s goal in an argumentation is to convince readers of his or her opinion on a certain issue. in order to achieve this goal, he or she has to make sure that his or her arguments are convincing. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in being convincing on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the claim and premise in each of the given arguments.
An argument contains toxic emotions if it expresses negative sentiments such as anger, frustration, disappointment, resentment, antipathy, fear, hate, sadness, hopelessness, jealousy, terror, contempt, regret, guilt, aggression, violence, etc., towards a person, group of people or an organization. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains toxic emotions or not.
An argument has name calling if the author attacks people instead of their arguments. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has name calling or does not have name calling
Argument conclusions are well-grounded if they are supported by a true or plausible premise. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of well-groundedness?
An argument is missing active listening if it displays a lack of attention to what the other person is saying and responding appropriately. decide whether the argument lacks active listening or does not lack active listening
An argument should be seen as clearly structured if the reader can easily identify which part serves which function within the overall logic of the argument. it should be seen as not clearly structured if this is not the case. how would you rate the clarity of structure of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given as input a pair of argumentative claims, determine whether they are on the same side (i.e. they have the same stance) or not.
Given two arguments with opposing viewpoints on the same issue (argument a and argument b), decide which one is more convincing by considering factors such as clarity of reasoning, strength of evidence, logical coherence, etc.
An argument is missing relevance if the arguments are not related or connected to each other or if the conclusion does not follow from the premises. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is missing rationality if it relies on fallacious reasoning, does not address the topic or its reasoning is difficult to follow. decide whether the argument lacks rationality or does not lack rationality
Determine the quality of a given claim (claim 1 or claim 2).
An argument should be seen as sound if its premises are true and they provide conclusive grounds for accepting the argument’s conclusion. if you identify more than one argument, judge about the “aggregate” soundness of all arguments presented in the text. how would you rate the soundness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The key question to answer is: is there an identifiable audience that can be persuaded by the author’s arguments? consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is better suited to convince a specific target audience.
An argument can be offensive if it uses inappropriate language, insults others, or makes discriminatory remarks. this includes using profanity, derogatory terms, or slurs, as well as attacking individuals or groups based on their race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or other characteristics. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is offensive or inoffensive.
Decide whether you would agree with the following statement:argument a is more convincing because it is generally strong or precise.
An argument lacks evidence if there are no sources cited in the text of the argument that could be used to back up the premises of the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks evidence or does not lack evidence
Which is the best way to refute the following argument?
The task involves reading two arguments, one after another, that address the same issue but have different perspectives. after reading both arguments, you must decide which of these statements is true: argument a... ...explicitly attacks argument b. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks argument b. ...makes no use of argument b. ...vaguely/implicitly supports argument b. ...explicitly supports argument b.
The following argument has unclear meaning because its content is vague, ambiguous, or implicit, such that it remains unclear what is being said about the issue (it could also be an unrelated issue). true/false?
You are presented with a pair of argumentative discourse units (adus). your task is to identify whether the two adus are connected by any argumentative relation (e.g. support or attack).
An argument uses deception tricks if the emotions appealed to are used as deceptive tricks to win, derail, or end the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses deception tricks or does not use deception tricks
A good argument should identify key assumptions underlying conclusions. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument identifies key assumptions underlying conclusions or does
Generate an enthymeme that fills the gap indicated with "<mask>" in the given argument.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it is acceptable to everyone from the expected target audience that the author’s arguments are considered within the discussion of the given issue. decide whether the author’s argumentation lacks global acceptability or does not lack global acceptability.
Given an argument, identify if it is a post hoc ergo propter hoc argument (assuming that because one event occurred after another, the first must have caused the second) and select the type of quality issue from the defined set (typo or grammar correction, clarified claim, corrected or added links, clarified argument, other) that should be improved when revising the claim.
An argument has vague reasoning if its components (claims and premises) are ambiguous, unclear, or contain missing information. decide whether the argument has vague reasoning or does not have vague reasoning
Given an argument and
Identify the logical fallacies from the following arguments.
Identify the stance of the author with respect to the topic: pro, con, or other.
Are these two arguments on the same side or not?
An argument is not constructive if it does not contribute anything new to the discussion, i.e., if it repeats what other authors have already said before. you should consider an argument as constructive even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. rather, the question is whether the provided arguments and information bring something new into the discussion. how would you rate the constructiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argumentative claim, and a set of supporting reasons (each consisting of one or more sentences), rewrite the text such that it improves in terms of text quality and/or argument quality, and preserves the meaning as far as possible.
A premise of an argument should be seen as acceptable if it is worthy of being believed, i.e., if you rationally think it is true or if you see no reason for not believing that it may be true. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the acceptability of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability - unless there are particular premises that dominate
The goal of this task is to automatically generate key points from a given debate transcript. a key point is defined as a concise summary of one side’s position on a particular issue, expressed in natural language. key points can help people quickly understand the main points of a debate without having to read through the entire transcript. generate multiple key points on the given topic and provide the stance of each key point towards the topic.
An argumentation should be seen as being free of plagiarism when the author does not copy someone else's work without proper attribution. given the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement: argument b is less convincing because it contains more instances of plagiarism than argument a?
An argument is redundant if it repeats the same point over and over again without adding anything new to the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is redundant information or not redundant information
An argument is missing seriousness if it is either trolling others by suggesting (explicitly or implicitly) that the issue is not worthy of being discussed or does not contribute meaningfully to the discussion. how would you rate the seriousness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is premature conclusion if it jumps to conclusions without sufficient evidence, analysis, reasoning, justification, explanation, proof, etc. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is premature conclusion or not premature conclusion
An argument is appropriate if it contains no severe orthographic errors, has a clear opinion and is relevant to the topic. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is appropriate or not appropriate.
An argument has an excessive number of claims if it makes too many points for a reader to follow, such that they may be unable to fully understand the meaning behind all of them. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has excessive number of claims or does not have excessive number of claims
An argumentation should be seen as logically consistent if there are no contradictions between any premises or conclusions in the argumentation. how would you rate the consistency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument commits circular reasoning if it assumes what it tries to prove. for example: “the bible is true because god wrote it.” decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
A fallacy occurs when an author uses poor reasoning to support their stance on an issue. one type of fallacy, called red herring, is when an author distracts from the issue at hand by introducing irrelevant information. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement? argument a contains more red herrings because it includes more irrelevant information.
Given a claim and two reasons, determine which reason is more convincing for this claim.
Is the given evidence a fact?
An argument is detrimental because of orthography if it contains too many spelling or grammatical errors that hinder understanding. decide whether the given argument is detrimental orthography or not detrimental orthography
Argument quality refers to the overall quality of the reasoning used in an essay. it considers factors like clarity, logic, and evidence. score the argument quality of the given argumentative essay using the following scoring range: 1.0 (essay does not make a coherent argument or has many errors in reasoning) 1.5 2.0 (essay makes a weak argument for its thesis but may have some valid points) 2.5 3.0 (essay makes a decent argument for its thesis but could use more supporting evidence) 3.5 4.0 (essay makes a strong argument for its thesis and provides plenty of relevant evidence)
This task requires you to identify the central claim of the given text.
Given two arguments on a topic, decide whether they arrive at the same conclusion by using the same reasoning process or not.
A counterargument can be seen as effective when it succeeds in weakening the position of the author’s opponent (the target) and thus strengthens the author’s own stance. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the correctness of the author’s counterarguments, then do not judge him or her to be not effective—unless you explicitly think that the counterarguments do not weaken the position of the author’s opponent. how would you rate the effectiveness of the author’s counterargumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
10. given an argument and a set of beliefs, generate counterarguments tailored to the beliefs. ```
When writing an argument, authors often choose to omit information that could help readers understand why certain statements support others. these gaps in logic are known as enthymemes. given the following argument with such a gap, generate a new adu that fills the gap indicated with "<mask>".
Argument conclusions are relevant when they provide a good answer to the question under discussion. is the conclusion relevant?
An argument is pathos oriented if it appeals primarily to emotions rather than logic or evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is pathos oriented or not pathos oriented
An argument commits slippery slope fallacy if it is assumed that one event will inevitably lead to another without any logical connection between the two events. for example: we have to stop them there, otherwise they’ll soon be in our own country. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits slippery slope fallacy or does not commit slippery slope fallacy
An argument is excessively vague if its components (claims and premises) are unnecessarily ambiguous or unclear. decide whether the following argument has excessively vague language or not excessively vague language
An argument has irrelevant premise if its content is not relevant to the issue under discussion, and thus cannot be used as a reason for or against the issue. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has irrelevant premise or does not have irrelevant premise
Given the following argument, which of the options best describes its central claim?
An argument is missing readability if it cannot be easily read by humans. this can happen when there are too many spelling mistakes, when sentences are too long or too complicated, or when there are too many abbreviations used. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks readability or does not lack readability
The following sentence is a claim, premise or neither?
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if they are true, reasonable, or plausible enough to support the conclusion that follows from them. notice that acceptability does not presuppose sufficiency—i.e., you may see a premise as acceptable even though you do not personally believe that it provides sufficient support for the author’s conclusion. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentative claim is missing grammatical correctness if it contains grammatical mistakes such as wrong word order, misspelled words, or bad punctuation. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks grammatical correctness or does not lack grammatical correctness
A premise is defined here as any clause that provides evidence or justification for another clause. is there a problematic missing premise at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
An argument is contextualized if it takes into account the specific circumstances and conditions surrounding the issue being discussed. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument is contextualized or decontextualized.
The logical structure of an argumentation should be seen as clear if it is easy to follow the line of reasoning. this means that it is easy to identify what claims the author makes, how these claims relate to each other, and how the author supports his/her main claim. it also means that the author argues coherently and avoids unnecessary digressions. how would you rate the clarity of the logical structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given an argument and a set of beliefs, generate a rebuttal that challenges the argument based on the beliefs.
An argument is well-written if it is free of grammatical errors and spelling mistakes. additionally, a well-written argument will typically use proper sentence structure, punctuation, and formatting conventions appropriate for the intended audience and context.given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well written or is not well written.
Distinguish, whether the comment is objective regarding the discussed topic or not (subjective). the key question to answer is: does the author intend to state something as being objectively true or false?
The following comment contains 2 premises and one conclusion. please rate the acceptability of each premise on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high).
An argument should be seen as intelligible if it is easy to understand and if the premises are clearly related to the conclusion. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight your judgments about each of these dimensions when judging about their “aggregate” intelligibility—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. in doubt, give more credit to global clarity and global coherence than to global conciseness due to the limited feasibility of the latter. how would you rate the intelligibility of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low),
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if its individual claims are relevant to each other, i.e., if they contribute to establishing a logical connection between the author’s premises and conclusion. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is emotionally abusive if it uses emotions as a tool to manipulate the other party in order to gain an advantage, and/or to cause psychological harm. decide whether the argument is emotionally abusive or not emotionally abusive
Consider the following review of a product. would you agree with the following statement?this review is helpful because it is informative, insightful, well-written, objective, detailed, thorough, etc.
An argumentation can be thought of as a dialectical exchange between the role of the proponent (who is presenting and defending the central claim) and the role of the opponent (who is critically challenging the proponents claims). determine the stance of each sentence in the following text with respect to the given topic: pro - the sentence supports the topic; con - the sentence opposes the topic; none - the sentence neither supports nor opposes the topic.
Given a question, stance (yes vs. no) towards this question and a sentence. your task is to decide whether this sentence supports the stance toward the question or not.
If you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the relevance of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” relevance—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. you should be open to see a premise as relevant even if it does not match your own stance on the issue. which of these two comments provides a stronger argument?
The argumentation should be seen as convincing if the author presents a well-structured reasoning and supports it with suitable evidence. how would you rate the conviction of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument should be seen as dialectically effective if it is well-adapted to its audience and the situation in which it occurs. accordingly, try to adequately weight your judgments about dialectical appropriateness, dialectical relevance, and dialectical sufficiency when judging about dialectical effectiveness—unless there is a particular dimension among these that dominates your view of an argument. how would you rate the dialectical effectiveness of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The acceptability of premises can be seen as high if they are plausible and compatible with common knowledge and experience. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
In argumentation, fallacies are errors in reasoning that invalidate an argument. decide whether the argument has fallacious reasoning or does not have fallacious reasoning.
Identify the main reasons supporting the author’s central claim from the following argumentative text.
Determine whether the given argumentative text includes
An argument has missing premises if it lacks important pieces of information necessary to make a valid argument. decide whether the argument has missing premises or does not have missing premises
An argument is fallacious if its premises are false or its logic is invalid. decide whether the argument is fallacious or is not fallacious
An argument is serious if it contributes meaningfully to the discussion and suggests that the issue is worthy of being discussed. it is unserious if it does not contribute meaningfully or suggests that the issue is not worthy of being discussed. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is serious or is unserious
Given the following argumentative discourse units (adus) in an argumentative essay, identify the adu that is not connected to any other adu by any argumentative relation (e.g. support or attack).
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it is more polite, respectful, civil, courteous, kind, friendly, pleasant, positive, nice, constructive, supportive, helpful, encouraging, motivating, inspiring, uplifting, optimistic.
An argument is well-structured if it has a clear structure, including an introduction of the topic, arguments for and against, and a conclusion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well structured or not well structured
Given a claim and a set of premises, generate an argument that supports the claim based on the given premises.
Given two arguments, choose the one that is more convincing.
A good argument should consider both sides of an issue fairly. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument considers both sides fairly or does not consider both sides fairly.
You are given the following question and two arguments with different stance (yes vs. no) towards this question. your task is to select which one of these two arguments is more persuasive based on its content and logic.
An argumentation should be seen as relevant if it focuses on the issue at hand and does not digress into related issues or topics that are not directly linked to the given issue. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentative discourse unit (adu) can be defined as a sentence that contains reasoning about a topic. is there any adu at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following text?
Given two versions of the same claim, decide which one is more well-phrased in terms of its content and language use (claim 1 or claim 2).
An argument is missing warrant if it does not provide any reason for why we should accept its claim(s). decide whether the argument lacks warrant or does not lack warrant
An argumentation should be seen as well-reasoned if its conclusion can be derived from the given premises by logical inference rules. how would you rate the reasoning of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Argument conclusions are more specific when they contain more details about the premise-related content than what is stated in the premises. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of specificity?
Given an argument and a set of claims, determine which claim is the conclusion.
The definition of “missing intelligibility” is that the reader cannot understand what the writer means. for example, the sentence could be grammatically incorrect, contain misspellings, or have no logical connection between sentences. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is missing intelligibility or not missing intelligibility
Given a pair of arguments (argument 1 and argument 2), predict which one is more convincing.
A claim is a statement that expresses an opinion or position on a topic. claims can be made in various forms, such as declarative sentences, questions, or imperatives. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the sentence is a claim or not a claim.
An argument has no logical sense if it does not follow the basic rules of logic (e.g., syllogisms) and its reasoning seems illogical or irrational to you. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has no logical sense or does not have no logical sense
Given the following claims: which claim is better? claim a or claim b?
An argument is a fallacy if it has an error in reasoning. given the following argument and topic of the debate the argument appeared in, determine whether this argument contains any fallacies or not.
A claim is a statement that expresses an opinion about the topic of the debate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, determine whether the argument contains any claims.
Given two arguments a and b, decide whether a has more reasoning
Come up with a short text that supports or refutes the following claim.
Equivocation changes the meaning of words during debate. detect equivocations in the given text.
An argument is not acceptable if its premises are implausible and/or irrelevant to the topic of debate or do not provide sufficient support for the argument’s conclusion(s). decide whether the argument lacks acceptability or does not lack acceptability
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if its conclusion follows from its premises, i.e., if it would be impossible for the premises to be true but the conclusion nevertheless false. notice that there may be cases where this cannot be determined due to insufficient information or lack of knowledge about how to relate the given claims. please judge according to whether all main inferences are valid. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a debate text and a topic, generate a counter-argument to the debate.
Is the following statement (s) from the given argument(s) a premise for the claim?
An argument has circular reasoning if it uses a premise that relies on itself for support (i.e., begging the question) or repeats itself within the same argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has circular reasoning or does not have circular reasoning
Given two arguments a and b, determine which one is more likely to change people's minds.
An argument is missing commitment if it contains vague or ambiguous language, which makes it difficult to determine the author's position on the issue. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
An argument should be seen as relevant if its premises and conclusion are related to the given issue and their formulation does not deviate from what is generally expected for the respective roles in an argumentation on this issue. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as well-structured if the arguments are stated in a clear and coherent manner. this includes that the author’s stance on the issue is clearly identifiable, that the presented arguments support this stance, and that these arguments are connected to each other in an understandable way. how would you rate the structure of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A small set of talking points, termed key points can be used to form
Given the following two arguments (argument a and argument b), determine whether they are on the same topic or not.
Argument conclusions are convincing when they adequately take into account what has been said before. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of convincingness?
Distinguish between whether the comment addresses the discussed topic or not. the key question to answer is: does the comment focus on the discussed topic or does it change the subject?
An argument with confusing reasoning contains premises and/or conclusions that seem not to be connected logically. this could mean that the reasoning behind the argument seems unclear or that some parts of the argument contradict other parts. determine whether the argument has confusing reasoning or does not have confusing reasoning.
An argument has no clear position if the author’s stance towards the issue remains unclear throughout the text. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has no clear position or does not have no clear position
An argument is a straw man fallacy if it misrepresents the opponent’s position, attributes views to them that they do not hold or are not committed to, and then attacks these false claims. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument is a straw man fallacy or not a straw man fallacy.
An argument is missing honesty if it misrepresents the issue or other arguments, e.g., by distorting them. decide whether the argument lacks honesty or does not lack honesty
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if they are adequate reasons for believing their corresponding conclusions. notice that acceptability may depend on personal beliefs and values—yet, try to abstract from your own personal stance when judging about acceptability. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments that support opposite stances towards a topic, decide which of them is more convincing.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it tries to appeal to people's emotions through manipulative techniques like scare tactics or playing on their sympathies even though this isn’t necessarily supported by solid reasoning behind them.
An argument is considered to have an internal contradiction if it contains a statement that contradicts with the main claim or another statement in the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument has an internal contradiction.
Consider the following argument: argument a is less convincing because it is off topic or doesn't address the issue.
The style of an argumentation should be seen as concise if it avoids redundant words and phrases, i.e., if it does not contain any text parts that can be deleted without changing its meaning. how would you rate the conciseness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is toxic if it expresses emotions such as hate, disgust, anger, etc., which may provoke similar reactions by other users. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it makes no use of fallacious reasoning patterns, such as ad hominem attacks, circular arguments, false dilemmas, etc. please judge about global acceptability according to your own understanding of what constitutes a fallacy, and how severe this fallacy would be in the given context. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Decide which of the two arguments on a topic is stronger (more convincing).
An argument is appropriate if it follows basic rules of writing, including grammar, punctuation, spelling, etc. it should also avoid excessive use of jargon or technical terms unless necessary. finally, it must not violate any laws or regulations governing public speech. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is appropriate or not appropriate.
An argumentation is coherent if the different arguments are well-connected and support each other. how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
A claim is a statement that asserts something to be true. for example, "dogs make great pets" is a claim because it states that dogs are good companions. how would you rate the quality of the author’s claims on the scale "1" (poor), "2" (fair) or "3" (good)?
An argument is lacking relevance if it fails to sufficiently relate to the topic of the debate. decide whether the given argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is missing relevance if it includes irrelevant content, such as information that doesn’t help to prove the point. decide whether the argument lacks relevance or does not lack relevance
An argument is globally irrelevant if its stated arguments are not relevant to the discussed issue. decide whether the argument is globally irrelevant or not globally irrelevant
The strength of an argument can be seen as how strongly it supports its conclusion given its premises: the stronger this support, the stronger the argument. how would you rate the strength of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The argumentative discourse unit (adu) refers to a minimal text unit that contributes one elementary operation to the construction of an argumentation. adus can correspond to clauses, sentences, paragraphs, or longer segments of text. consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a has more distinct argumentative discourse units than argument b.
Argument conclusions have appropriate intensity when the emotions appealed to by them are not unnecessarily strong for the discussed issue. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of intensity?
How would you rate the persuasiveness of the argumentation in terms of how much you agree or disagree with the author's position, from "1" (low) to "3" (high)?
Distinguish between claims and premises in the given argumentative text.
For the given topic, determine which one of the claims best supports your stance on the issue (claim 1 or claim 2).
What kind of attack relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between undercutting attack and rebuttal. an undercutting attack provides information against the validity of a support relation between two propositions, whereas a rebuttal attacks the truth value of a proposition. undercutting attack: for an elementary unit x to be an undercutting attack for a proposition y, it must provide information against the validity of a support relation between two propositions. for example, “it's really hard to use.”(x) and “the product arrived damage[d],”(y). rebuttal: for an elementary unit x to be a rebuttal for a proposition y, it must provide information against the truth value of a proposition. for example, “i don't know why some reviewers have complained about this.”(x) and “the product arrived damage[d],”(y).
Identify the implicit assumptions made by the author in the given text.
An argumentation should be seen as fair if it does not attack other debaters personally and if it respects the opinions of others even if they differ from the author’s stance on the discussed issue. how would you rate the fairness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Decide whether the argument supports or opposes the corresponding big issue from the text of the claim
An argument is missing premise if it contains a gap between its premises and conclusion which is not filled by implicit common sense knowledge or other arguments made within the same thread. decide whether the following argument lacks premise or does not lack premise
Argument conclusions are acceptable if they can be reasonably accepted by a person who accepts the premise. is the conclusion acceptable?
An argumentation should be seen as intelligible if its meaning is clear to you. notice that this means that you may see an argumentation as not intelligible even though you do not personally agree with its content. how would you rate the intelligibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if it contains claims with unclear intentions, which are not backed up by any reasons, and therefore do not contribute to the discussion. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
The appeal to emotion fallacy occurs when someone attempts to win support for their argument by eliciting strong emotions in people. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in, decide whether the argument appeals to emotion or does not appeal to emotion.
An argument lacks intelligibility if it is incomprehensible for most readers due to reasons not covered by detrimental orthography. this includes cases where the meaning cannot be recovered despite spelling and/or grammatical errors. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if all its premises adequately support its conclusion. notice that local sufficiency does not require that there are no unaddressed objections to the conclusion of an argumentation. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether you find that each premise supports the conclusion of the argumentation well enough. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a set of arguments and their corresponding stances, select the correct stance for the given argument. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
Given the following arguments, decide whether argument b is more convincing because it provides additional evidence (compared to argument a).
Is the argument adventurous and daring?
An argument is detrimental orthography if it uses offensive language such as swearwords or insults. decide whether the given argument is detrimental orthography or not
An argument has missing premises if one or more premises required to reach the conclusion are omitted. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether there are missing premises or not
An argument contains false premises if any of its premises are false. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains false premises or does not contain false premises
Extract the toulmin components (premise, claim, backing, refutation and rebuttal) from the given argument. the output should be in the format: "premise: <premise> --> claim: <claim>" or "refutation: <refutation> --> rebuttal: <rebuttal>" or "rebuttal: <rebuttal> --> claim: <claim>" or "backing: <backing>" ``` premise: smoking cigarettes causes lung cancer. claim: therefore, smoking cigarettes is bad for your health. backing: studies show that people who smoke are much more likely to develop lung cancer than those who don't smoke. refutation: some studies suggest that secondhand smoke isn't harmful after all. rebuttal: even though some studies say otherwise, most experts still agree that secondhand smoke poses significant risks to non-smokers' health. ```
An argument has irrelevant premise if one of its premises does not provide adequate support for the claim it is supposed to justify. decide whether the argument has irrelevant premise or does not have irrelevant premise
An argument is missing topical relevance if it does not address the topic of the debate in a clear and concise manner. decide whether the argument lacks topical relevance or does not lack topical relevance
An argument has fallacious reasoning if the logical connection between its premises and conclusion is not sound. given the following arguments and their topics, decide whether the argument has fallacious reasoning or does not have fallacious reasoning.
Given two versions of a claim that differ only slightly, determine which version is better.
An argumentation should be seen as logical if the conclusion follows from the premises and/or there are no obvious contradictions in the argumentation. the logic of the argumentation refers to its formal structure, so please ignore any factual errors when judging about the argumentation’s logic. how would you rate the logic of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is fallacious if it uses faulty reasoning to arrive at its conclusion. decide whether the argument uses faulty reasoning or does not use faulty reasoning
An argument has irrelevant meaning if it does not address the topic (i.e., off-topic) or if it addresses a different issue than the one in the debate. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has irrelevant meaning or does not have irrelevant meaning
The soundness of an argumentation can be described by how well the reasoning behind the claims and premises holds up under scrutiny. this means that there should be no logical fallacies or contradictions present in the argumentation. how would you rate the soundness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing relevance if it discusses something other than what was originally intended to be debated about. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is irrelevant or relevant
The author writes clearly and concisely. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument writes clearly and concisely or does not write clearly and concisely.
An argument has lack of evidence if it fails to provide sufficient facts, data, or examples to support its claims. decide whether the argument has lack of evidence or does not have lack of evidence
Argument sufficiency is the degree to which an argument provides enough evidence or support for a claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared
An argument has irrelevant premises when the claims used to support the conclusion are unrelated to the issue being discussed. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has irrelevant premises or does not have irrelevant premises.
An argument is equivocation if it uses ambiguous or vague language to create confusion or mislead the reader. decide whether the argument is equivocation or is not equivocation
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if it is expressed in a manner that is understandable and respectful to everyone from the expected target audience. you should not rate an argumentation low just because you disagree with its stance on the issue, but rather consider whether it contains any elements that make it difficult or impossible to understand for members of the target audience (e.g., due to language barriers) or whether it contains disrespectful statements towards others (e.g., personal attacks). how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has insufficient evidence if it does not provide enough facts and/or testimony for its premises to be acceptable. decide whether the argument has insufficient evidence or sufficient evidence
Given two arguments for different topics, determine if they are analogous or not.
An argument conclusion is weak if it requires additional assumptions to follow from the premise, meaning that the inference linking the premise to the conclusion is based on unstated premises. is the conclusion weak?
Is the claim being used here a premise or conclusion?
Given a pair of adus (argumentative discourse units), determine whether they have an argumentative relation (e.g. support or attack).
Is the argument guilt by association?
Identify the stance of the author towards the target from the text of the article.
An argument is well-organized if its components are connected by clear transitions and coherence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is well organized or poorly organized
The premises of an argument should be seen as acceptable if they are likely to be accepted by most people. notice that acceptability does not presuppose truth—many false propositions are widely accepted. if you identify more than one conclusion in the comment, try to adequately weight the acceptability of the premises for each conclusion when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following comment-argument pair, decide which of these statements is true: the argument... ...is completely irrelevant to the comment. ...is partially relevant to the comment. ...is highly relevant to the comment.
The fallacy of false cause consists in assuming without proper justification that one thing is the cause of another. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains
Argument conclusions are well-reasoned when they contain a good amount of premise-related content and/or combination of the content in the premises. given the conclusion below, decide if it is well-reasoned or not well reasoned.
An argument is begging the question if it makes assumptions that have not been proven yet. is there a problematic assumption at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
A premise is acceptable only if it can be assumed without further evidence, i.e., if it can be taken for granted as a starting point for discussion. how would you rate the acceptability of the premises of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing politeness if it violates the gricean maxim of manner (be polite). this includes using derogatory, abusive, or insulting language; swearing or cursing; and making personal attacks. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks politeness or does not lack politeness.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is less convincing because it is biased, subjective, discusses only one point of view, lacks balance, fails to address opposing views or relies on weak sources.
Identify the strongest counterargument against the given argument.
Given a debate topic and two arguments (one pro and one con), determine which of the two is more convincing.
An argumentation should be seen as logically correct if you see all stated arguments as valid and sound, i.e., as supporting the author’s stance on the discussed issue. how would you rate the logical correctness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has missing premises if its conclusion does not follow from its stated premises because some further assumption is needed to bridge the gap between them. decide whether the argument has missing premises or does not have missing premises
Argument a and argument b are two arguments that appeared in the same debate. which of these two is more convincing?
An argument is missing balance if it does not consider all sides of an issue but only presents one-sided information. decide whether the argument lacks balance or does not lack balance
An argument is redundant if it repeats information already presented elsewhere in the same thread (by any participant). given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has redundancy or does not have redundancy.
Argumentation should be seen as internally consistent if it does not contain any contradictions or inconsistencies, i.e., if all provided arguments and information fit together well in your view. how would you rate the internal consistency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing appropriateness if it is inappropriate with regard to the context, i.e., if it does not fit into the current state of the discussion because it was already discussed earlier or because it discusses something completely new. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks appropriateness or does not lack appropriateness
The content of an argumentation should be seen as appropriate if it contributes to creating credibility and emotions around the discussed issue within the given setting (online debate forum on a given issue), matching with how the style of the argumentation creates credibility and emotions. this includes aspects such as choice of words, use of facts, examples, etc., but also taking into account potential biases or prejudices related to the topic at hand. how would you rate the appropriateness of the content of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
We define a fallacy as an error in reasoning that renders an argument invalid. it can also be thought of as a deceptive argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains a fallacy or not.
Is the following claim intellectually stimulating?
An argument is illogical if it includes faulty logic, contradictory statements, or leaps in reasoning that do not follow logically from previous points raised in the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is illogical or logical
Is the argument ethical and moral?
An argumentation should be seen as successful in making a rational appeal if it conveys information that makes the target audience willing/unwilling to be persuaded by the author (or to agree/disagree with the author) on the basis of reason—or neither. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in making a rational appeal on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has logical fallacy if it contains one or more errors that undermine its persuasiveness. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has logical fallacy or does not have logical fallacy
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if all arguments within it are sufficiently justified. notice that it may be difficult to tell whether an argument is sufficiently justified because we usually do not know how much justification is needed to make a specific argument convincing. so please try to take into account what you consider reasonable for the particular argument under consideration. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a controversial topic, generate an argumentative essay assessing the impact of the issue on society.
An argumentation should be seen as globally acceptable if its premises are generally considered true by the members of the expected target audience. you may assume that the target audience consists of people who have basic knowledge about the topic under discussion. if you think that the author makes reasonable assumptions but fails to provide evidence for some of them, then this will still count as globally acceptable unless these assumptions are very critical for the overall acceptability of the argumentation. how would you rate the global acceptability of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given the following argument: which of the following comments is a counter-argument?
An argument commits ad hominem fallacy if it attacks the person making the claim instead of the claim itself. for example: “my opponent wants to raise taxes, but he doesn’t even pay his own taxes”. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits ad hominem fallacy or does not commit
An argument is verbose if it uses unnecessary wordiness, making it difficult to understand the main points. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is verbose or is not verbose
Argument conclusions are plausible when they are supported by the premises, and/or consistent with what is stated in the premises. is the conclusion plausible?
An argumentation should be seen as logically sound if the author’s reasoning is well-structured, i.e., if you think that the premises of the argument are properly connected to its conclusion. if you identify more than one premise in the comment, try to adequately weight the logical soundness of each premise when judging about their “aggregate” logical soundness—unless there are particular premises that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation
Does the author’s argumentation contribute to the resolution of the given issue? is it worthy of being considered within the discussion of the issue? please rate the global relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the argumentative component of a given text.
An argumentation should be seen as successful in creating emotions if the author’s choice of words or grammatical complexity elicits emotional reactions from readers that make them feel positive towards the discussed issue (e.g., by making them feel enthusiastic about something). it should be seen as not successful if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the author’s success in creating emotions, then do not judge him or her to be unsuccessful in this respect. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in creating emotions on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as logically consistent if it provides reasons and evidence for claims made by the author that can be accepted by reasonable people. it should be seen as inconsistent if rather the opposite holds. notice that you should not judge about the correctness or truthfulness of the author’s argumentation, but you should decide whether the given reasons and evidence are acceptable—or not. how would you rate the logical consistency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The style of an argumentation should be seen as fair if it avoids rhetorical tricks such as loaded language, red herrings, ad hominem attacks, straw man fallacies, false dichotomies, weasel words, cherry picking, hasty generalizations, slippery slope arguments, begging the question, etc. try to detect any unfairnesses that might have been used by the author. how would you rate the fairness of the style of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the argument below (argument a). would you agree with the following statement?the author of argument a makes a personal attack against another person or group of people.
A missing commitment occurs when the user has not made clear what their position on the topic at hand is. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. determine whether the argument contains a missing commitment.
An argument has insufficient information if one of its premises does not provide enough information for supporting the conclusion. decide whether the argument has insufficient information or does not have insufficient information
An argument is missing respect if it attacks another user in a personal way, without discussing his/her arguments or opinion. given the following argument and the context of the debate. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
The coherence of an argumentation should be seen as high if the author’s statements are well-organized and do not contradict each other. please judge about coherence according to whether you can easily follow the line of reasoning, and how well the different parts of the argumentation fit together. how would you rate the coherence of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a set of premises, generate an argument conclusion that follows from the premise, meaning a logical inference links the premise to the conclusion.
An argument is formal if proper grammar rules were followed correctly throughout every part thereof regardless of context surrounding said usage thereof. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is formal or informal.
An argument has irrelevant content if it appeals to emotions that are not relevant for the discussed issue or if it states premises that are unrelated to the conclusion. decide whether the argument has irrelevant content or does not have irrelevant content
A stance is defined here as any explicit position taken by the author with respect to a debated issue. is there a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
Read the two reviews below. would you agree with the following statement?review a is more helpful than review b because it provides specific details about the product and its features, whereas review b only offers general comments.
Given a debate topic, produce a short text that argues against the topic.
The quality of an argument can be evaluated based on its persuasiveness, i.e., how convincing the author’s arguments are for supporting his/her stance. how would you rate the persuasiveness of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
We say that an argumentative discourse unit (adu) is redundant if its content can be inferred from other adus in the argument. given the following argument with such a gap, generate a new adu that fills the gap indicated with "<mask>".
An argument contains too much information if it includes irrelevant details, digresses from the main point, or provides excessive background knowledge. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument contains too much information or does not contain too much information
An argument is a false cause if it assumes that one thing caused another merely because they are correlated. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is a false cause or not a false cause
Given a set of arguments and their relations, generate an argumentative essay.
Consider the following two arguments (argument a and argument b). which of these three statements do you agree with most?the first is more convincing than the second.the second is more convincing than the first.they are equally convincing.
An argument lacks intelligibility if it contains grammatical errors or its structure makes it difficult for the reader to understand the claims made by the author. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
The conclusion of an argument should be seen as acceptable if you think it is worthy of being accepted as true or plausible based on the given premises, i.e., if you agree with the author’s conclusion after having read his or her premises. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the correctness of the author’s arguments, then do not judge him or her to be not effective—unless you explicitly think that the arguments do not support the author’s stance. how would you rate the acceptability of the conclusion of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has a misleading tone if its wording misrepresents information by exaggerating certain aspects while downplaying others. decide whether the argument has misleading tone or does not have misleading tone
Given the following argument and a list of conclusions, determine which conclusion is missing.
An argument has abusive language if it contains offensive words or phrases directed at another person. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is abusive or not abusive.
Identify the correct warrant that explains reasoning from a given reason to a given claim. there are only two options given and only one answer is correct.
An argument is fallacious if it commits one or more logical errors in reasoning. is there a fallacy at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
A fact is false if it contradicts established scientific knowledge about the subject matter under consideration. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is factually correct or incorrect.
Given a controversial topic, generate a set of beliefs that can be used as premises in an argument.
We consider an argumentation as lacking consistency if its parts are contradictory, i.e., if some premises contradict other premises or the conclusion. how would you rate the consistency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argumentation should be seen as locally relevant if it contributes to the resolution of the issue currently under discussion, i.e., if it provides arguments or other information that help to arrive at a conclusion regarding this particular sub-issue. how would you rate the local relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing sufficiency if it provides insufficient reasons to accept its conclusion, i.e., if it does not present enough evidence or supporting arguments to make its case. decide whether the argument lacks sufficiency or does not lack sufficiency
An argument has appeal to emotion fallacy if it relies on emotional appeals, such as fear, pity, guilt, anger, or pride, instead of logical reasoning or evidence. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has appeal to emotion fallacy or does not have appeal to emotion fallacy
An argumentation should be seen as comprehensible if it presents the given issue, the composed arguments, and its conclusion in such a way that they can easily be understood by everyone from the expected target audience. notice that some parts may be clear (e.g., the issue) and thus left implicit. how would you rate the comprehensibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The credibility of an argument is defined by its language’s ability to establish trustworthiness and expertise. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has high credibility, medium credibility or low credibility.
Is the given claim a counterargument?
An argumentation should be seen as comprehensible if you can understand what the author wants to say. notice that we ask you to judge only about how well you can comprehend the author’s words—not about whether his or her arguments make sense or are correct. how would you rate the comprehensibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments from the same debate, determine whether they are on the same side or opposite sides of the debate.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument a is more convincing because it provides a better explanation for why something happened or how things work, has a clearer causal relationship, or gives a better account of cause-and-effect relationships.
A warrant is an implicit claim linking data (premises) to other claims (conclusions). it describes why accepting the reason(s) requires accepting the claim. is there a problematic enthymematic gap at the position marked with "<mask>" in the following argument?
The author’s argumentation may include one or more conclusions. if there are multiple conclusions, try to adequately weight their strength when judging about their “aggregate” strength—unless there are particular conclusions that dominate your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the strength of the conclusion(s) on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing completeness if important aspects of the issue being discussed are left out of consideration. decide whether the argument lacks completeness or does not lack completeness
How would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation? credibility refers to how believable and trustworthy a text seems to be, based on the given information.
An argumentation should be seen as persuasive if it conveys arguments and other information in a way that makes the reader want to accept the author’s position, e.g., by conveying good reasons or by addressing possible counterarguments. it should be seen as not persuasive if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about the author’s persuasiveness, then do not
A well-reasoned argument must provide sufficient reasons for its conclusion. it should also be free of any reasoning errors such as circular reasoning, false cause and effect, etc. how would you rate the quality of the reasoning in the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?argument b is less convincing because it ignores important contextual factors such as cultural norms, historical events, etc., that may influence people's opinions about the topic under discussion.
Is the following statement true or false?argument b is less convincing because it has language issues, bad grammar, uses humor, jokes or sarcasm.
Given two backings (backing a and backing b), determine which of the two is stronger.
The clarity of an argumentation should be seen as high if every consideration presented by the author is expressed clearly enough for everyone from the expected target audience to understand what exactly he wants to say without needing further explanations. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Identify the stance of the following argument towards its topic: for or against
Given two arguments and their respective claims, determine whether they are for or against the same issue.
The credibility of an argumentation can be seen as high if the provided content suggests that the author knows what he/she is talking about, i.e., if the author appears to have sufficient knowledge regarding the discussed issue. this does not mean that you need to share the same opinion as the author. rather, the question is whether the author appears knowledgeable enough to warrant his/her views being considered within the discussion of the issue. how would you rate the credibility of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given a claim, decide whether it expresses an opinion of the author or not
Decide whether the comment provides any counter-argument to the topic discussed or not. the key question to answer is: does the author try to refute the opposing opinion?
Does the following argument support or attack the given topic?
The author’s stance is the position he/she takes on the discussed issue, i.e., what he/she wants to persuade you of. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s stance on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is relevant if it relates to the thesis of the other party’s comment and/or contributes to the overall discussion thread. given the following argument and the context of the preceding arguments in which the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is relevant or irrelevant.
Given two arguments and a topic decide whether they belong to the same topic.
A conclusion is defined here as any statement that follows from other statements (premises) in an argumentative discourse unit (adu). given the following adu with such a gap, generate a new conclusion that fills the gap indicated with "<mask>".
Argumentation can be used for educational purposes as well (e.g., students are asked to write essays defending their positions on various topics). please evaluate how appropriate this argument would be for such use. how would you rate the appropriateness for education of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing commitment if it does not take a clear stance on the issue being discussed, i.e., if it does not express support for one of the positions in the debate. decide whether the argument lacks commitment or does not lack commitment
The following argument contains 1 premise. is there a premise missing?
Identify the digression that wanders off course in the given argument.
A comment is not successful in creating credibility if it does not convey arguments and other information in a way that makes the target audience trust the author, or even makes them distrust the author. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in creating credibility on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument is missing respect if it displays a lack of civility and/or politeness towards other arguments or debaters. decide whether the argument lacks respect or does not lack respect
An argument is irrelevant if it is not related to the main point of the discussion. please judge about relevance according to your intuition. how would you rate the relevance of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
The acceptability of an argument is defined as how likely you would be willing to adopt its conclusion and act accordingly if it were addressed to you. how would you rate the acceptability of the following argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the following statement:argument b is less convincing because it does not address the counterarguments presented in argument a.
An argument is missing intelligibility if it contains a vague premise or conclusion, a premise that is difficult to understand, or the author's reasoning is unclear. decide whether the argument lacks intelligibility or does not lack intelligibility
The task is to predict the overall argument quality of a given argumentative text.
The acceptability of an argument refers to how well the premises of an argument are acceptable for supporting its claim. if you identify more than one argument, try to adequately weight the acceptability of each argument when judging about their “aggregate” acceptability—unless there is a particular argument that dominates your view of the author’s argumentation. how would you rate the acceptability of the author’s argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments, decide if they are equivalent.
Given two arguments a and b and a conclusion c, choose which one of the arguments (a or b) is more similar to the conclusion c.
Consider the two arguments below (argument a and argument b). would you agree with the following statement?the first sentence of argument b has no clear connection to the rest of the text.
An argument should be seen as lacking clarity if the author’s intention is difficult to understand due to unclear wording and/or structuring of the text. it should be seen as clear if the author’s intention can easily be understood. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An ad hominem fallacy occurs when someone rejects or criticizes another person’s view based on personal characteristics, background, physical appearance rather than focusing on the substance of the argument. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument commits an ad hominem fallacy or does not commit an ad hominem fallacy
The quality of an argument depends on its logical consistency, clarity of expression, relevance to the topic at hand, and use of evidence to support claims made. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has good quality or does not have good quality
Is the argument written in a professional tone?
Given a claim and a topic, classify the claim as a “supporting claim” or “opposing claim” if it supports or opposes the topic, or as a “non-claim” if it does not support or oppose the topic.
Given two arguments, decide whether they support or attack each other or neither of them.
Argument conclusions are specific when they do not contain unnecessary details or information which goes beyond what is necessary to address the issue at hand. given the conclusions below: is conclusion a better than conclusion b in terms of specificity?
An argumentation is non-intelligible if it cannot be understood by a human reader. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if all of its premises are supported by evidence or other arguments. this means that each premise should be backed up with facts, examples, or other supporting information to make it more convincing. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
What kind of attack relation, if any, exists from elementary unit x for a proposition y of the same argument? differentiate between rebuttal, undercutter and no attack relation. attack relations in this scheme are two prevalent ways in which propositions can be attacked in practical argumentation: rebuttals and undercutters. a rebuttal contradicts a proposition directly (e.g., “the only issue i have is that the volume starts to degrade a little bit after about six“and i find i have to buy a new pair every year or so.”(x) and “i’ve had mine for over 2 years now”(y)). an undercutter attacks an inference by saying that its premise does not provide sufficient reason to accept its conclusion (e.g., “they don’t sound as good as my last pair of headphones.”(x) and “but they’re still worth buying for the price.”(y)).
Toxic emotions include insults, threats, hate speech, harassment, obscenity, swearing, slurs, and other offensive language. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has toxic emotions or does not have toxic emotions
The ad hominem attack is defined here as any argumentative discourse unit (adu) that attacks the character of a person rather than his/her arguments. given the following argument with such an adu, replace it with another one that supports the same conclusion without attacking anyone.
Given a pair of sentences, decide which of these statements is true: the second sentence... ...explicitly attacks the first sentence. ...vaguely/implicitly attacks the first sentence. ...makes no use of the first sentence. ...vaguely/implicitly supports the first sentence. ...explicitly supports the first sentence.
An argumentation should be seen as clear if all parts of it can be easily understood by someone who knows the context of the debate but did not read the other comments before. notice that an argumentation may use technical terms, jargon, rhetorical devices, humor, sarcasm, irony, figurative speech, etc.; however, this may still make the argumentation unclear. how would you rate the clarity of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Does the following key point match the given argument?
An argument is considered to be convincing if the reader accepts its conclusion as true. given the following arguments, decide whether argument a or argument b is more convincing.
Is the following claim well-defined?
Is the following claim an equivocation?
The circular reasoning fallacy occurs when someone tries to prove something by assuming that very same thing as true; this creates a loop where nothing gets proven after all! given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument uses circular reasoning or does not use circular reasoning.
Given two arguments, determine whether they share a common topic or not.
An argument is biased if it contains statements that are not supported by evidence or logic, or if it uses emotionally charged language to manipulate the reader. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument is biased or not biased
The overall quality of an argument depends on multiple factors such as the clarity of the reasoning, the strength of the evidence provided, and the coherence of the argument. how would you rate the overall quality of the given argument on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
An argument has insufficient reasoning if the reasons provided do not support the claim. given the following argument and the topic of the debate the argument appeared in. decide whether the argument has insufficient reasoning or does not have insufficient reasoning
Given an argument and a list of potential warrants, choose the warrant that best explains the reasoning in this particular argument.
Given a debate topic, identify all the key points from both sides' arguments. a key point can be used to form a concise summary from a large collection of arguments on a given topic.
The confidence with which we hold a belief can vary from low to high. how confident would you say the author is about the truth of the following statement? rate your answer on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two sets of beliefs about a controversial issue, generate an argumentative claim that appeals to both sides.
An argumentation should be seen as locally sufficient if it provides adequate reasons for believing its conclusion. adequate reasons must meet several criteria: they must be true; they must support the conclusion; they must address possible counter-arguments; and they must be appropriate in kind and degree to the context. in addition, the argumentation must make explicit the relationship between the premises and the conclusion. please judge about local sufficiency according to whether these conditions hold. how would you rate the local sufficiency of the author’s argumentation on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Given two arguments on a topic, decide whether they contain similar reasoning.
An argument should be seen as convincing if it conveys arguments in a way that makes you believe them. it should be seen as not convincing if rather the opposite holds. decide in dubio pro reo, i.e., if you have no doubt about whether an author’s arguments convince you or not, then do not judge them to be not convincing. how would you rate the success of the author’s argumentation in being convincing on the scale "1" (low), "2" (average) or "3" (high)?
Consider the following three arguments, a, b and c. which of these arguments is most convincing?
Given two arguments a and b, determine which argument uses humor, jokes or sarcasm.
Is this sentence from the given article an argument conclusion?
Consider the following argument. would you agree with the following statement?this argument is less convincing because it uses inappropriate appeals to emotion, prejudice, or other fallacies.
